Just as before, it will be up to the Council to decide the direction and process.
In December, he had predicted a 5 percent growth rate.
Character actor Hume Cronyn, 91, died Sunday at his home in Connecticut.
On May 22, 2002, a man walking his dog came across some of Levy's bones in Washington's Rock Creek Park.
The bodies of 18 illegal Mexican immigrants who died from suffocation and heat exhaustion were discovered on Wednesday in a packed tractor trailer abandoned at a rest stop.
According to the survey, last years identity theft losses to businesses and financial institutions totaled nearly $48 billion and consumer victims reported $5 billion in out-of-pocket expenses.
This is not unanticipated, Chief Deputy District Attorney John Goold said Monday.
Muhammad and fellow sniper suspect Lee Boyd Malvo, who goes on trial Nov.
10, were arrested Oct.
24, 2002, at a Maryland highway rest stop.
That said, however, no actual explosives or other harmful substances will be used.
ECUSA is the U.S. branch of the 70 million-member Anglican Communion.
Kimmitt said the operation was a show of force as the military steps up security against threats of attacks over the Christmas holiday by Baghdad's 14 identified guerrilla cells.
I am happy to be here in the United States, far away from the clutches of the tyrant Castro, Wilson said through a Spanish interpreter.
Ahead of the war, Blair cited British intelligence information that Saddam Hussein could deploy deadly chemical and biological weapons within 45 minutes.
Jordan Barowitz, a spokesman for Republican Mayor Michael Bloomberg said: The Comptroller's statements, while noteworthy for their sensationalism, bear no relation to the facts.
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI was off 58.69 points, or 0.64 percent, at 9,137.86.
Under Mexican law, bounty hunting is considered a form of kidnapping.
However, the talk was downplayed by PBL which said it would focus only on smaller purchases that were immediately earnings and cash flow accretive.
The remaining 1,557 genes are believed to be all functional.
The software maker is seeking to simplify creation of BizTalk applications by tying it more tightly to its flagship development tool, Visual Studio.Net.
Due to economic and creative realities, many key people will not be returning, including Dylan, Kelley said Monday.
Michael Mitchell, the chief public defender in Baton Rouge who is representing Lee, was not available for comment.
Several relatives of Australian victims of the attack were in court to witness the proceedings, but few Balinese attended the trial.
Ciobanu could face up to 15 years in prison under a new law in Romania, according to BitDefender's Web site.
On Jan.
10, Shawanda Denise McCalister, who was also pregnant, was found bound and strangled in her apartment in the same neighbourhood.
Yet another fight has been waged over a White House proposal to privatize air traffic control at major airports, such as those in Pittsburgh and Philadelphia.
Ms Stewart, the chief executive, was not expected to attend.
Ms Cohen Alon's lawyer, Donald Levine, confirmed she tried to sell the story in February.
A PAEDOPHILE from Twickenham has been described by police as the most prolific 'internet groomer' ever caught.
Wall Street is debating whether the central bank will say risks are tilted toward weakness or balanced with inflation.
Nissan North America announced yesterday that it will spend $250 million to expand its Smyrna assembly plant to bring production of the Pathfinder sport utility vehicle to Tennessee.
The rate of survival without serious brain damage is about 10 per cent, said Dr Leo Bossaert, executive director of the European Resuscitation Council.
During the third quarter, Lowe's opened 38 new stores and now has 932 stores in 45 states.
Ohio Attorney General Jim Petro was pleased by the ruling, spokesman Mark Gribben said.
The company said it would renew its guidance for 2003 when it announces its second quarter results in mid-July.
Some 660 prisoners from 42 countries, including Canada, are held, many captured during the war against in Afghanistan the al-Qaida network.
Leading black Democrats in Congress and the national party are protesting the layoffs of 10 minority staffers at the party's headquarters.
But Ms Ward said the headroom under its financial covenants was tight and that there could be another downgrade if Southcorp breached any of its banking covenants.
Think Dynamics, which is based in Toronto, will become part of IBM's Software Group.
The latest quarter's profit was a penny above of the average estimate as compiled by Thomson First Call.
Brian Rohrbough, whose son, Daniel, was killed at Columbine, said the tape raises disturbing issues.
I make no apologies for the fact that the negotiations have been undertaken largely in secret, Mr Truss said.
The Nasdaq Composite index, full of technology stocks, was lately up around 18 points.
This attack was wrong, and it was dangerous to our goals, Raymond said.
Shares closed on NASDAQ just below their 52-week high, at $32.17, up $1.54.
Intel said it will use this advancement along with other innovations, such as strained silicon and tri-gate transistors, to extend transistor scaling and Moore's Law (define).
Spinnaker employs roughly 83 people; NetApp employs 2,400.
Yee is a 1990 graduate of the U.S. Military Academy at West Point, New York.
The New York Stock Exchange suspended trading yesterday in Loral, which closed at $3.01 Friday.
He reportedly claims Prime Minister Sir Allan Kemakeza had made a deal with him to keep his guns while Harold Keke's group was armed.
Contractors Brian Rose, 36, and Joseph Quattrone, 35, who were convicted of submitting hundreds of phony invoices to Blue Cross, are to be sentenced in January.
The Future Concepts and Surface Ship Design Group is the Naval Sea Systems Command’s technical authority for all surface ship design and engineering.
Last year, Bloomberg snubbed the affair after being told he couldn't march with cast members of the The Sopranos.
Additional applications and software can be downloaded via the phone or from a PC via a USB connection.
Close cooperation between regional law enforcement agencies and intelligence services was at the heart of the fight against terrorism, he said.
The equivalent of 75,000 55-gallon barrels of transuranic and low-level radioactive waste, some of it mixed with hazardous chemicals, is buried at Hanford.
Congo's war began in 1998 when Uganda and Rwanda invaded to back rebels fighting to topple the central government.
Dealers said the dollar also drew some downside support as Japanese investors are expected to keep snapping up foreign bonds amid ever-falling domestic interest rates.
The affidavit says al-Amoudi was detained Aug.
16 attempting to travel from London to Damascus, Syria.
Dr. Anthony Fauci, director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, agreed.
It also required that existing televisions, VCRs, DVD players and related equipment will remain fully functional under the new broadcast flag system.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC dropped 25.17 points, or 1.39 percent, to 1,792.07, based on the latest available figures.
By the time that Reagan left office in 1989, the Navy had nearly 600 ships - about twice the number that it has today.
Sales as measured by volume, a key gauge of financial health in the beverage sector, grew 5 percent in the quarter.
The anticipated global sales improvement in the month of June did not materialize, said Chief Financial Officer Robert Rivet.
Federal agent Bill Polychronopoulos said it was not known if the man, 30, would be charged.
The number of Americans living in poverty increased by 1.7 million last year, and the median household income declined by 1.1 percent, the Census Bureau reported yesterday.
Clearly Roman creams of any type do not normally survive in the archaeological record.
Shares of Corixa fell 12 cents to $6.88 as of 3:59 p.m.
SUVs parked on residential streets in Monrovia were tagged with ELF and other slogans, and another was set ablaze in front of a house, Sgt. Tom Wright said.
Deirdre Hisler, Government Canyon's manager, said the state long has coveted this piece of property, and is eager to complete the deal.
Randall Simon followed with an RBI single to right.
Also demonstrating box-office strength _ and getting seven Tony nominations _ was a potent revival of Eugene O'Neill's family drama, Long Day's Journey Into Night.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX was off 1.07 points, or 0.11 percent, at 1,010.59.
Roslyn shares gained 82 cents to close at $20.79 yesterday in Nasdaq trading.
The Yankees selected Eric Duncan, a third baseman from Seton Hall Prep in New Jersey, with the 27th pick.
But the inadequate performance of students in various subgroups, such as race, pushed the state onto the needs-improvement list under the federal No Child Left Behind Act.
And SARS, the deadly respiratory disease first detected in China last November, tested the agency's new state-of-the-art emergency operations center.
In Sweden, 99 percent of women are literate, compared with only 8 percent of women in Niger.
Parker said Moore's lawyers were reviewing the complaint and would respond Monday.
Former prisoner of war Pfc. Jessica Lynch is winning admiration in her hometown all over again for the courage to reveal she was raped by her Iraqi captors.
However, one subset of women — those on hormonal treatment following chemotherapy — appeared to show improvement in survival.
Advancing issues outnumbered decliners by a 4-to-3 ratio on the New York Stock Exchange.
Toronto Police Chief Chief Julian Fantino confirmed Friday morning that a man had been arrested in the slaying of Toronto girl Holly Jones.
Those children later diagnosed with the most severe autism showed the greatest increase in early rapid head growth compared to those children with milder forms of the disorder.
The conference was sponsored by the U.S. Department of Agriculture to discuss ways to end world hunger and poverty.
It supports the Windows CE, Palm, Symbian, and Linux operating systems.
FCC chief Michael Powell presides over hearing Monday.
They looked at their son-in-law and his relatives, but did not exchange words.
Quinn was assigned to the 2nd Squadron, 3rd Armor Cavalry Regiment.
Dotson was taken to Chester River Hospital Center where he stayed overnight.
Im very proud of the citizens of this state, said Gov. John Baldacci, a casino foe.
Kevin Rollins, Dell's president, received $770,962 in salary and a bonus of just more than $2-million in fiscal 2003.
MGM, NBC and Liberty executives were not immediately available for comment.
IT is the only vehicle on which established economies will be able to compete with fast-growing economies such as China and India, Barrett said.
There is no need for one deadline for all to create the ASEAN Economic Community, Thaksin said.
Other Japanese banks, some of which are still being audited, could face similar scrutiny.
The Defense Department statement said legal access for Hamdi was not required by domestic or international law and should not be treated as precedent.
Fletcher will not do that, said his campaign manager, Daniel Groves.
Israeli soldiers began tearing down settlement outposts in the West Bank yesterday - an Israeli obligation under a new Mideast peace plan.
The best the investigators can do is nitpick about the process and substance of isolated business decisions ... and question his competence as a manager.
If the voluntary reliability standards had been complied with, we wouldn't have had a problem, Mr. Dhaliwal said.
The software giant announced at its company-sponsored TechEd conference in Dallas that two key products will enter customer testing.
The formula is produced for Remedia by German company Humana Milchunion.
The Supreme Court justices agreed to hear an appeal involving a California atheist whose 9-year-old daughter, like most elementary school children, hears the Pledge of Allegiance recited daily.
Three each came from Africa, Asia and Latin America.
Rudder was most recently senior vice president for the Developer & Platform Evangelism Business.
Stanford (46-15) has a team full of such players this season.
The U.S. Conference Board said its latest measure of business confidence hit 60 after falling to 53 in its first quarter survey.
On Monday, a suicide bomber blew himself up near the United Nations compound here, killing a security guard as well as himself.
RAAF officers said yesterday a fully armed F/A-18 Hornet fighter-bomber was positioned to intercept the intruder.
The computers are currently sold in Canada, the United States, and Korea.
The new processor was unveiled at the Intel Developer Forum 2003 in San Jose, Calif.
Already suffering with the nation's worst credit rating, the state is operating for the first time completely on borrowed money.
She noted some fast-food chains, including McDonald's, already display calorie information in their stores or on their Web sites.
They leave Chicago on Saturday, then will take another week to ready the remains for reburial.
He and his colleagues attributed some of the communication gap to doctors feeling pressed for time.
Hines died yesterday in Los Angeles of cancer, publicist Allen Eichorn said.
The bodies of many of the dead, pulled from under the partially derailed train, were laid out by the tracks awaiting identification.
When we opened here, we originally planned an 18-month run as a part of a North American tour.
The Rev. Christopher J. Coyne, spokesman for the archdiocese, wouldn't comment Friday.
Directed by Gibson, the reported $25 million production stars Jim Caviezel as Jesus and Monica Bellucci as Mary Magdalene.
No charges were announced, but the statement said legal proceedings were expected Monday.
She said it would take an estimated three months to conduct and require the cancellation of a sub-audit of the Department of Environmental Quality.
Nor has it said how many astronauts will be on board, through there reportedly will be between one and three.
Police then called a bomb squad, but the device exploded, killing Wells, before bomb technicians arrived.
Agassi is not the only American man through to the third round.
Today, we are trying to convey this problem to Russian President Vladimir Putin (news - web sites) and President Bush (news - web sites).
From there he plans to visit South Africa and make stops in Botswana, Uganda and Nigeria.
Officials are also meeting with the International Organization for Epizootics (OIE), which establishes animal-health standards for the world.
As the holiday shopping season peaks, industry experts predict the coming week could make or break Christmas 2003 for many retailers.
The Marlins only said: The issue has been resolved.
Prairie dogs sold as exotic pets are believed to have been infected in an Illinois pet shop by a Gambian giant rat imported from Africa.
The Reagan, a floating airfield with a flight deck covering 4.5 acres, is the ninth Nimitz-class carrier to be built at the Newport News shipyard.
Weather forecasters are warning of heavy rainfall that could wash out part of the holiday weekend.
In the first hour of trading, the Dow Jones industrial average was down 27.02, or 0.3 percent, 9,321.84, having lost 74.81 on Friday.
We are very pleased that the court dismissed the vast majority of the plaintiff's claims, Coke spokeswoman Sonya Soutus said.
Like-for-like sales for the 17 weeks to 27 December were flat, while the gross margin fell by 2 percentage points, the company said.
His comments were extremely inappropriate and the decision was an easy one, MSNBC spokesman Jeremy Gaines said.
As part of the agreement to extradite the two best friends from Canada, prosecutors agreed not to seek the death penalty.
A prosecutor said investigators were searching his home in Muenster in the presence of his wife when news of his death arrived.
The Defence Secretary, Donald Rumsfeld, and other top Pentagon officials played down his comments.
Tatar was being held without bail in Armstrong County Prison today.
Analysts have estimated that the two networks could fetch as much as $7 billion.
An improving job market was a major factor, said Lynn Franco, director of the board's consumer research center.
Crohn's disease causes inflammation of the intestine and symptoms include diarrhea, pain, weight loss and tiredness.
The institute estimates that last year 15.7 per cent of the average supermarket's sales and more than half of gross margin went to pay employee costs.
Prosecutors said they did not know what crimes to charge the men with because U.S. officials refused to share information with them.
But the company said over the weekend that its competitors were simply trying to throw up roadblocks to MCIs emergence from bankruptcy.
These days, even death penalty proponents in the Legislature say they are solidly outnumbered by opponents.
On June 4, Amazon said it had received orders for over 1 million copies of Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix.
Additionally, early voting will be conducted from 1 to 6 p.m.
Sept.
7.
Allison just proves you don't need to wait until August or September to have a disaster, said Josh Lichter, a meteorologist with the Houston-Galveston weather office.
Further testing is still under way, but at this stage, given the early detection, the outlook in such instances would be positive, the specialist said yesterday.
If successful, the Muses-C will be the first probe to make a two-way trip to an asteroid.
The NASD alleges that the analyst flew multiples times on Tyco's corporate jets for business trips, sometimes accompanied by Kozlowski.
The Z200 features a color screen and 40-tone polyphonic sounds.
Rich Media interactive ad formats doubled their share from 3% in second quarter of 2002, to 6% in the second quarter of 2003.
One, Fort Carson-based Sgt. Ernest Bucklew, 33, had been on his way home to attend his mother's funeral in Pennsylvania.
Gasps could be heard in the courtroom when the photo was displayed.
Dos Reis also pleaded guilty to federal charges that he crossed state lines to have sex with Christina and another girl on a different occasion.
The Institute for Supply Management's index of nonmanufacturing activity rose unexpectedly in April, reports said.
The FTC has asked the court to suspend its decision while the agency appeals.
Chi-Chi's has agreed to keep the restaurant closed until Jan.
2 -- two months after it voluntarily closed when the disease was first reported.
This is where you're measured – not in the regular season but right now.
Nelson, 27, is being retried on civil rights charges stemming from the disturbance that led to Rosenbaum's death.
The benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR lost 11/32 in price, taking its yield to 3.21 percent from 3.17 percent late on Monday.
In an interview, Healey, who is a criminologist, acknowledged that much of the sentiment among legislators here and across the country was wariness toward capital punishment.
Doctors have speculated that the body's own estrogen protects against cell damage and improves blood flow.
The agreement between architect Daniel Libeskind and representatives of developer Larry Silverstein gives architect David Childs the lead role in developing the Freedom Tower.
Microsoft posted sales of $8.1 billion, up from $7.3 billion a year ago and ahead of analysts' estimates of $7.9 billion.
Seven Democratic presidential candidates have arranged to address the group, according to The Associated Press.
We haven't decided whether to use an unbroken or dotted white line, but this is an experiment worth introducing, said David Richardson, the ICC's cricket manager.
I had no direct interest, and Craxi begged me to intervene because he believed that the operation damaged the state, Mr. Berlusconi said.
The National has no interest in acquiring AMP while AMP owns its U.K. business, NAB chief executive Frank Cicutto said.
Excluding autos, retail sales rose by 0.3% in September, lower than a forecast rise of 0.5%.
At least 29 American troops have been killed in action since Bush declared major combat over on May 1.
Anhalt said children typically treat a 20-ounce soda bottle as one serving, while it actually contains 2 1/2 servings.
Black Democratic leaders were trying to arrange a meeting with Democratic National Committee Chairman Terry McAuliffe to discuss the layoffs of 10 minority staffers at party headquarters.
So far, Georgia has been returned all but $70,000 of the money it wired.
The other main electrical goods retailers are Argos, part of GUS, privately owned Littlewoods and PowerHouse.
Shares of Pleasanton-based PeopleSoft rose 4 cents, to $16.96, in Monday trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
Legislation that would change state takeover law and help Bloomfield Hills-based Taubman Centers Inc. fend off a $1-billion takeover won committee approval Tuesday.
The two filed a suit in 1998 and allege they were never warned by IBM's staff doctors that their symptoms could reflect chemical poisoning.
Florida's Supreme Court has twice refused to hear the case.
He added International Business Machines Corp.'s (IBM) endorsement of Linux has added credibility and an illusion of support and accountability.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was off 24.44 points, or 1.39 percent, at 1,739.87.
A month ago, the Commerce Department said GDP grew at a 7.2 percent rate.
Its shares fell $9.61 to $50.26, ranking as the NYSE's most-active issue and its biggest percentage loser.
The State Court of Appeals did not explain the reason for keeping the lower court's unanimous opinion from July.
Unifi official Rob O'Neill said: The gloves are off.
The high today will be about 92 degrees and will drop to 90 degrees Sunday and Monday.
The local people say four Iraqis were killed and four were injured.
But for more than a century, an untold amount of money intended for some of the nation's poorest residents was lost, stolen or never collected.
The Nets and the San Antonio Spurs are crossing new frontiers of offensive ineptitude while embarrassing their high-scoring ABA forefathers.
July 10 - The Bush administration's latest effort to expand the role of religious organizations in government services enlists church-based youth groups in anti-drug programs.
The men had Pakistani passports and reportedly were seen together at the airport earlier in the evening, law enforcement sources said.
We acted because we saw the existing evidence in a new light, through the prism of ...
Sept.
11th.
The exam contains four sections and tests a students knowledge of algebra and geometry as well as probability and statistics.
Richardson and Fletcher campaign manager Daniel Groves rejected the request.
But Ms Pike said it was not unusual for hospitals to go into deficit and promised services would not be curtailed.
Over the weekend, NASA landed a six-wheeled robot on Mars to study the planet.
As part of his deal, Mr. Delainey has agreed to cooperate in the continuing investigation.
Whitey Bulger is now on the law enforcement agency's 10 Most Wanted list alongside Osama bin Laden.
A federal judge Thursday granted a request by the Food and Drug Administration to shut down Rx Depot, a popular Internet company that sells cheaper prescription drugs from Canada.
The same survey a month ago had Street leading Katz 42 percent to 34 percent, with 21 percent undecided.
Third-quarter revenue declined to $36.9 billion from $39.3 billion, primarily reflecting lower vehicle sales.
Amgen shares gained 93 cents, or 1.45 percent, to $65.05 in afternoon trading on Nasdaq.
Minister Saud al-Faisal's visit was disclosed by two administration officials, who spoke on condition of anonymity.
UAL attorney James Sprayregen told a court hearing yesterday that it would submit a fresh business plan, but gave no indication of when.
Even later in life, he was still cashing in: lately, he earned money by calling fans on the telephone with the service www.HollywoodIsCalling.com.
State Supreme Court Justice Ira Gammerman said in court this morning, It was an ill-conceived lawsuit.
Milberg Weiss Bershad Hynes & Lerach LLP said it filed suit in a New York court on Monday on behalf of the Southern Alaska Carpenters Pension Fund.
Meanwhile, students and others at Pacific Lutheran University near Tacoma, about 40 miles to the south, acted out a second, simultaneous attack on campus.
Federal regulators have changed their minds on a proposed $2.8 billion merger of ice cream giants Nestle Holdings and Dreyer's Grand Ice Cream.
News Corp., whose empire spans Hollywood's Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. to publishing house HarperCollins Publishers Ltd., owns 35 per cent of BSkyB.
The defeat of the ninth seed Daniela Hantuchova on Wednesday was the only thing to disrupt the otherwise orderly second-round progress in the Serena Williams half of the women's draw.
The Justice Department on Aug.
19 sanctioned the Oct.
7 date for recall election, saying it would not affect voting rights.
Had the creditors turned down the bailout plan, LG Group might have been forced to close down its credit card business.
Prince, who heads Citigroup's global corporate and investment bank, is replacing Sanford Weill as CEO.
In 1975 he married Marta Casals, the widow of Pablo Casals.
We're not looking for a Robin Hood remedy, said Michael Rebell, the campaign's executive director.
At 12 months, there was still a difference between the groups, but it was not considered significant.
The poll of 405 registered Massachusetts voters was conducted Wednesday through Friday by RKM Research and Communications.
Of the 1.1 million infected in south Asia, 62% are female.
Federal Agriculture Minister Warren Truss said the Government still did not know the real reason the sheep were rejected at the Saudi port of Jeddah on August 21.
Artists are worried the plan would harm those who need help most - performers who have a difficult time lining up shows.
Business confidence among top U.S. executives hit a 12-month high in the second quarter, according to a survey released Monday.
Several black Democratic leaders were attempting to arrange a meeting with DNC chairman Terry McAuliffe to discuss the layoffs.
Cisco pared spending to compensate for sluggish sales.
I will pass on to him that Canada still remains a safe, secure and reliable supply of energy.
At 1800 GMT, the Federal Reserve issues its Beige Book summary of U.S. economic conditions.
Deviant cannibalistic tendencies were the primary motivation for the murders, and Brown's body was mutilated, authorities said.
In Vienna, the International Atomic Energy Agency said on Monday ElBaradei had accepted Iran's invitation, but said no date had yet been set.
Myanmar's pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi will be kept under house arrest following her release from a hospital where she underwent surgery, her personal physician said Friday.
More than 130 people have been arrested and $17 million worth of property seized in an Internet fraud sweep announced Friday by three U.S. government agencies.
Former U.S. Rep. Frank McCloskey, 64, died this afternoon in his home after a long battle with bladder cancer.
After all, China isn’t racing anyone…so there’s no great rush,” Clark said.
Mr Morse is charged with assault and Mr Darvish is charged with filing a false report.
South Africa's James Kingston is also on five under after blitzing six birdies on his back nine.
Tibco has used the Rendezvous name since 1994 for several of its technology products, according to the Palo Alto, California company.
Craxi begged me to intervene because he believed the operation damaged the state, Mr Berlusconi said.
He'll present his proposals to the state Legislature in January.
In the seconds after the crash, she added, Captain Smith said simply, Oh my God.
The Borgata Hotel Casino & Spa opened its doors a day early.
The announcement was made during the recording of a Christmas concert attended by top Vatican cardinals, bishops, and many elite from Italian society, witnesses said.
There are 625 U.N. troops in Bunia, while there are between 25,000 and 28,000 tribal fighters in the region, with thousands of them deployed in and around Bunia.
Investigators conducted DNA tests on the stains and ran the results through a national DNA data base in August.
On Wall Street, the Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 0.5 per cent at 9,905.8 and the Nasdaq Composite added 0.7 per cent at 1,995.1.
The Pentagon insists the technique has successfully predicted elections and even box office receipts.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC climbed 40.09 points, or 2.46 percent, to 1,666.58, based on the latest data, and marking its highest close since May 23, 2002.
The document says the damage to the wing provided a pathway for hot gases to penetrate Columbia's thermal armour during its fatal re-entry.
Adaptable and Carter's Trading Co. did not immediately return calls seeking comment on Wednesday.
Other features include FileVault, which secures the contents of a home directory with 128-bit AES encryption on the fly.
The leader of Myanmar's National League for Democracy won a 1990 election by a landslide but was never allowed to govern.
The Nasdaq composite index fell 2.95, or 0.2 percent, for the week to 1,912.36 after stumbling 37.78 yesterday.
By its actions, Lieberman said, the Bush administration threatens to give a bad name to a just war.
A group of investors said Friday it wants to start a television network aimed at the interests of an estimated 8 million Muslims living in the United States.
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI climbed 164 points, or 1.91 percent, to 8,765.38, brushing its highest levels since mid-January.
Bremer said one initiative is to launch a $70 million nationwide program in the next two weeks to clean up neighborhoods and build community projects.
First Essex operates 20 banking offices in two counties in Massachusetts and three counties in southern New Hampshire.
Overall control will be wielded by a national security council, headed by Mr Arafat.
And now it's anything he wants to say, Alesha Badgley, Stone County Nursing and Rehabilitation Center social director, said this week.
We're making these commitments first and foremost because we think it's the right thing to do, company spokesman Michael Mudd said yesterday.
The MPx200, which will sell for $299.99, is now available through AT&T Wireless' mMode service.
The charges came after the federal government prohibited the sheik from speaking with the media and imposed special measures restricting his access to mail, the telephone and visitors.
Columbia broke up over Texas upon re-entry on Feb.
1.
Against the Japanese currency, the euro was at 136.06 yen compared with the late New York level of 136.03/14.
Mr Kerkorian said: We believe that recent trading prices of MGM's common stock do not reflect MGM's full value and that the stock represents and attractive investment.
Saturday, officials in California described Gehring as cooperative — but said he has revealed nothing about what has happened to the children.
Besides Hampton and Newport News, the grant funds water testing in Yorktown, King George County, Norfolk and Virginia Beach.
Shirley Hazzard and Edward P. Jones, both of whom needed more than a decade to complete their current novels, are among this year's nominees.
Heavy weekend rain and runoff from heavy snowmelt sent a mountain creek on a rampage, washing out a culvert and opening the sinkhole in I-70 east of Vail.
The Modesto Bee and NBC were notified their calls had been intercepted, Goold said.
But he is the only candidate who has won national labor endorsements so far, picking up his 11th on Tuesday.
Another shooting linked to the spree occurred Nov.
11 at Hamilton Central Elementary in Obetz, about two miles from the freeway.
Early voting polls will be open from 7 a.m. to 7 p.m.
Sept.
8 and Sept.
9.
The format must be formally ratified by an internationally recognized standards organization, and IP must be licensed under reasonable, non-discriminatory terms, they added.
Stripping out the extraordinary items, fourth-quarter earnings were 64 cents a share compared to 25 cents a share in the prior year.
The injured passenger at John Peter Smith Hospital died later Friday morning, Jones said.
Consumers would still have to get a descrambling security card from their cable operator to plug into the set.
He is expected to ask banks for around €50m this week to keep the company afloat.
They face charges of robbery and criminal impersonation of a police officer.
Good cause has been clearly shown that such change of venue is necessary to ensure a fair and impartial trial, Prince William County Circuit Judge LeRoy Millette Jr. wrote.
Duque will return with Lu and Russia's Yuri Malenchenko when they leave the station next week.
The Vatican has devised a mini-lift to allow John Paul to board and descend from the helicopter without tackling stairs.
While robbery appeared to be the motive, the suspects fled before they could take anything, he said.
The National Transportation Safety Board had subpoenaed him, but he initially ignored the order.
Police believe Wilson shot Reynolds, then her mother once in the head before fatally turning the gun on herself.
Rork said he thought Walker would ask him to appeal the ruling in state court and perhaps in U.S. District Court.
He's not related to Malvo, but the two have referred to each other as father and son.
El Watan, an Algerian newspaper, reported that the kidnappers put up fierce resistance during the army assault, firing Kalashnikov rifles.
Yang was to dine on specially designed packets of shredded pork with garlic and eight treasure rice, washed down with Chinese tea, state media said.
The transaction will expand Callebaut's sales revenues from its consumer products business to 45 percent from 23 percent.
Eyewitnesses told how Sally, 62, originally from Coatbridge, Lanarkshire, screamed as the escalator collapsed then sucked her in.
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI added 38 points, or 0.42 percent, to 9,165.
You have to dig deep and come up with the goods against guys that are out there competing with the best of us.
She recently got the endorsement of the National Organization for Women and the National Women's Political Caucus.
JetBlue shares fell $1.86, or 5.4 percent, to $32.75 in late morning trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market after the deal was announced.
DRINKING green tea can dramatically reduce the risk of men contracting prostate cancer, a study by Australian researchers has discovered.
The German financial regulator, BaFin, may prove critical of WestLB's risk assessment.
The Thomson First Call consensus was for earnings of 19 cents a share.
The two men were allegedly trying to engage Russian exiles in Britain in the assassination plot.
They cover more than 300,000 UAW workers and 500,000 retirees and spouses.
The idiot-buddy prequel Dumb And Dumberer: When Harry Met Lloyd debuted at No. 6, with $11.1 million.
In recent years, he served on the faculty of the Manhattan School of Music.
Announced last week, Apple's iTunes Music Store has sold over 1 million songs in the first week, the company announced on Monday.
Oracle shares fell 27 cents, or 2 percent, to $13.09.
In May, Mr. Hatfill said he was struck by a vehicle being driven by an FBI employee who was tailing him in Georgetown.
One of the employees who survived the blast and fire was hospitalized in critical condition in Fort Myers.
He explained that he found antetonitrus when he came to Wits in 2001 while a post-doctoral research assistant at Bristol University in Britain.
James Rohr, chairman and chief executive officer, said PNC regretted the incident.
It remains to be seen whether the revenue recovery will be short- or long-lived, said James Sprayregen, UAL bankruptcy attorney, in court.
In the United States, heart attacks kill about 460,000 year, in Canada about 80,000.
The panel told the U.S. to correct its flawed determination, said Pierre Pettigrew, Canada's trade minister, in a statement.
His Chevrolet Tahoe was found abandoned June 25 in a Virginia Beach, parking lot.
PeopleSoft gained $1.09, or 6.3 percent, to $18.24 and was Nasdaq's most active issue.
The Matrix Reloaded, which opened in limited previews Wednesday night, took in an estimated $135.8 million for all five days.
After what happened here ... it's tacky and unpatriotic, said JoAnn Marquis, visiting the site with her husband from Salem, Mass.
Strayhorn has brought in a constitutional scholar to advise her on the reallocation.
Oracle followed with 33.8 percent of the market and Microsoft came in third with an 18 percent share.
His lawyer, Pamela MacKey, said Bryant expects to be completely exonerated.
The trial is entering a crucial stage as Italy prepares to assume the rotating presidency of the European Union on July 1.
More than 60 suspected cases have been reported in the United States, none of them fatal.
The company estimated second-quarter revenue of $1.2 billion to $1.23 billion, up 14 percent to 16 percent from a year earlier.
Those systems typically combine institutional and community-based care and are financed by a combination of state, federal, and private dollars.
We must defend those whom we dislike or even despise, said Neal R. Sonnett, a Miami lawyer who led an association panel on enemy combatants.
The University of Michigan released today a new admissions policy after the U.S. Supreme Court struck down in June the way it previously admitted undergraduates.
The results were announced at a NASA headquarters news conference Thursday and in today's issue of the journal Science.
The monkeys could track their progress by watching a schematic representation of the arm and its motions on a video screen.
Island Def Jam must pay $52 million in punitive damages, and Cohen must pay the remaining $56 million, the jury said.
I think there's a building confidence that the cop is on the beat.
Thirty-three of the 42 men had been arrested by Wednesday evening, said Daniel Bogden, U.S. attorney in Nevada.
If Mrs Clinton does decide to contest the 2008 election, she cannot announce her candidacy before 2006, which is when she faces re-election for the Senate.
The actions reflect our strong forward momentum as we intensify our business focus and work to achieve profitability.
She started taking supplements two years ago - partly to stave off mild dementia that affects her elderly parents.
Teams of inspectors walked into a restricted area at one park without being stopped by employees; others took pictures of security-sensitive areas without anyone challenging them.
The other guy, he's ashamed of his party, and I don't blame him.
Although sex crimes Det.-Sgt.
Dave Perry is in command of the case, homicide Det.-Sgt.
Gerry Cashman appeared last evening at the home near Finch Ave. and Hwy.
404.
The Swiss franc rose nearly a third of a centime against the dollar and was last at 1.2998 to the greenback.
Huge fires in Arizona and Colorado scorched forests in areas where thinning projects had meant to reduce the fire threat, but were tied up in appeals, Bush said.
After about three hours of negotiations, the gunman released the hostages after authorities delivered on his request for soft drinks.
The latest in the kingdom's almost weekly raids on alleged terror cells comes after a US Congress report accused Saudi Arabia of not doing enough to counter terrorism.
United said the new airline will expand next year to 40 Airbus A320 jets, each seating 156 passengers.
The tube was removed Wednesday from Terri Schiavo, 39, at the Tampa Bay-area hospice where she has lived for several years.
General Jeffrey said he would donate his military pension to charity for the period he was in office at Yarralumla.
They drive around in their cars, while people are being killed 500 metres away, he said on Sunday.
Young faces a fine, suspension or being permanently barred from the securities industry.
He met members of the nation's biggest business lobby and was quoted as saying he wanted China to adopt flexible trade and foreign exchange policies.
The book, scheduled for publication next month, has been described by Franken as a criticism of right wing leaders and media spokespeople.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX edged down 9 points, or 0.98 percent, to 921.
His statement is that he possibly hit the gas instead of the brakes, Mr Butts said.
While many good people work in the telemarketing industry, the public is understandably losing patience with these unwanted phone calls, unwanted intrusions, Mr. Bush said.
I think it will pass, Senate Minority Leader Tom Daschle, D-S.D., said in Washington.
Agriculture Secretary Luis Lorenzo said there was no damage to the vital rice crop as the harvest had ended.
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI tacked on 97 points, or 1.14 percent, to 8,699.
Delta personnel at Atlanta's Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport scrambled all day to find alternate flights -- including seats on other airlines -- to move the inconvenienced passengers.
Gansas got more bad news yesterday from the city Department of Transportation - a hearing officer recommended that he be fired.
The new Army Commander is the Masaka Armoured Brigade commanding officer, Brigadier Aronda Nyakairima who is now promoted to major general.
According to the Census Bureau, the Hispanic population increased by 9.8 percent from the April 2000 census figures.
Tour doctors later confirmed that he had broken his right leg near the hip and also sustained wrist and elbow fractures.
His band in the early 1930s included pianist Teddy Wilson, saxophonist Chu Berry, trombonist J.C. Higginbotham and drummer Sid Catlett.
Community college students will see their tuition rise by $300 to $2,800 or 12 percent.
Florida's Speaker of the House Johnnie Byrd, is expected to introduce ''Terri's Bill'' during a one-day special session of the state legislature being held today in Tallahassee.
O'Connor wrote, We expect that 25 years from now, the use of racial preferences will no longer be necessary.
The blaze then spread to several surrounding structures on the property and destroyed them.
A new variant of Blaster also appeared Wednesday and seemed to be spreading, according to antivirus companies.
Bryant presented himself to authorities last Friday and was released after posting $25,000 bail.
President Vlad imir Putin threw his weight behind Russia’s main pro-Kremlin political party for the first time last week, ahead of parliamentary elections.
The Dow Jones industrials briefly surpassed the 9,000 mark for the first time since December.
Both were charged with four counts of aggravated assault and 14 counts of endangering the welfare of children.
Jirsa will be introduced as the 25th Marshall basketball coach today at a press conference in the Henderson Center’s Big Green Room.
They said he organized a network of associates operating in as many as a dozen states.
They suspect the same anarchist group that claimed responsibility for the Dec.
21 explosions near his house, according to Italian news agency ANSA.
Microsoft shares (MSFT: news, chart, profile) fell 1 cent to close at $25.65.
At a hearing Wednesday morning, High Court Judge Frank Kapanda ordered the men released on bail immediately.
Woodley, 44, died of liver and kidney failure Sunday at a hospital in his native Shreveport, La., said his niece, Lucy Woodley.
Reagan is played by James Brolin, who is married to singer Barbra Streisand, a leading Democratic activist.
Mitchell said many knew Wilson, 43, to be unstable and that she recently lost her job.
In comparison, 86 percent of Israeli Jews say they have a favorable opinion of the United States.
The court today reversed the decision of that court, the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit.
The euro at the moment is at a level that better reflects the fundamentals, the ECB president said.
Its chief executive, Lawrence J. Lasser, resigned under pressure last Monday.
His 1996 Chevrolet Tahoe was found abandoned June 25 in a Virginia Beach, Va., parking lot.
Against the Swiss franc the dollar was at 1.3289 francs, up 0.5 percent on the day.
Yahoo accounts for 159,354 of the BSD sites, with 152,054 from NTT/Verio and 129,378 from Infospace, the survey found.
What has happened to you, sir, by way of punishment, is certainly more than enough, Covello said.
As for a free trade area, the official stressed that weve got a long, long way to go, and the Pakistanis understand that.
Cindy Yeast, a 50-year-old Washington-area publicist, says she began taking supplements two years ago in part to avoid mild dementia that affects her elderly parents.
The government charged that Awadallah knew both hijackers when they lived in the San Diego area.
So far, only four companies have licensed Microsoft's communications protocols: EMC, Network Appliance, VeriSign and Starbak Communications, the report noted.
Those findings, published in today's Journal of the American Medical Association, are the latest bad news about estrogen-progestin therapy.
The government began on September 1 to add the word Taiwan in English to the cover of new passport, a decision slammed by Beijing.
Mr. Kerkorian tried unsuccessfully to take over Chrysler in 1995, but did win representation on its board.
Cindy Cohn, legal director for the Electronic Frontier Foundation, said that portion of the DMCA gives too much leeway to copyright holders.
His decision was delayed by concerns over the budget process in Washington and the war in Iraq.
A nationally board-certified teacher with a master's degree, Kelley makes $65,000 in his 30th year.
The Korean Air deal is expected to be finalized in the next several weeks, Boeing spokesman Bob Saling said.
The fawn, named after Dr Duane Kraemer, one of the researchers, was born a few months ago.
The Prime Minister has taken a hardline stance arguing nothing should be done to lessen the pressure on Mugabe.
West Nile is a bird virus that is spread to people by mosquitoes.
He transferred another 10 million shares to a charitable trust and these shares were also liquidated.
Bush is spending the weekend at his Crawford ranch, where he will play host to Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi.
The Food and Drug Administration rejected ImClone's 2001 application to sell Erbitux, citing shoddy research.
Meester, a 20-year-old sophomore, could face life in prison if convicted on charges of rape, forcible sodomy, indecent assault and providing alcohol to minors.
Of the unstressed women, 23 developed breast cancer and 871 did not.
Shares of San Diego-based Jack In The Box closed at $21.49, up 78 cents, or 3.8 percent, on the New York Stock Exchange.
Jason Giambi contributed a two-out RBI single.
Instead of pursuing the most imminent and real threats - international terrorists - this Bush administration has chosen to settle old scores, Graham said.
Lakhani, 68, is charged with attempting to provide material support and resources to terrorists and acting as an arms broker without a license.
Technology stocks make up 42 percent of the Nasdaq, which fell 49.95 points, or 2.9 percent, to 1,698.02.
In the first hour of trading, the Dow Jones industrial average was up 12.98, or 0.1 percent, at 9,346.77.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX was up 3.41 points, or 0.35 percent, at 967.00, also its highest close so far this year.
The district also sent letters yesterday informing parents of the situation.
Prosecutors called Durst a cold-blooded killer who shot Black to steal his identity.
The latest raid came as US lawmakers debate a report that accuses Saudi Arabia of not doing enough to counter terrorism.
TVT Records sought $360 million in punitive damages and $30 million in compensatory damages, officials said.
He failed a field sobriety test and a blood-alcohol test produced a reading of 0.18 -- well above Tennessee's level of presumed intoxication of 0.10, police said.
Now, Blanca's husband, 63-year-old Roger Lawrence Strunk of Tracy, faces a murder indictment issued by the Philippine government in February.
Baer said he had concluded that lawyers for the two victims have shown, albeit barely ... that Iraq provided material support to bin Laden and al-Qaeda.
Mr. Rowland attended a party in South Windsor for the families of Connecticut National Guard soldiers called to active duty.
White House officials also deleted a reference to a 1999 study showing that global temperatures had risen sharply in the previous decade compared with the last 1,000 years.
It's our judgment that the possible avenues to a peaceful resolution were not fully explored at the Tokyo conference, US State Department spokesman Richard Boucher said.
If the voluntary reliability standards were complied with, we wouldn't have had a problem.
Immediately after the blast, people portraying some of the 150 victims stumbled amid the wreckage as emergency vehicles converged on the scene.
P&G officials later concluded that the better approach was to split up the contracts to avoid reliance on just one contractor.
It is bad for Symbian, said Per Lindberg, analyst at Dresdner Kleinwort Wasserstein.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index ended up 1.03 points, or 0.10 percent, at 998.51, ending at its highest since late June 2002.
The SEC said each bank helped Enron mislead investors by characterizing what were essentially loan proceeds as cash from operating activities.
No, what I do is I answer questions as to whether or not the help that is available is being delivered, Bush said.
Since being drafted into service in 1971, it has racked up a record 45 accidents, with 393 deaths.
Spring has arrived in Estonia - we're back in Europe, Juhan Parts, prime minister, told a news conference last night.
We are declaring war on sexual harassment and sexual assault.
Monday's attacks Monday were among the deadliest against Americans since Sept.
11, 2001.
The yield on the 3 percent note maturing in 2008 fell 22 basis points to 2.61 percent.
A divided Supreme Court ruled that Congress can force the nation's public libraries to equip computers with anti-pornography filters.
Since it expanded its shipments to the United States, Hulett has captured a significant share of the U.S. market.
The Senate's proposal will need the support of the Democrat-led Assembly and Pataki to become law.
The Lockheed Martin-built SIRTF is the last of NASA's Hubble-class Great Observatories.
The stock lost about 75 percent of its value after that bombshell and remains 40 percent below pre-disclosure levels.
U.S. Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman said she will send a U.S. technical team to Canada to assist in the situation.
There were conflicting reports about the number of casualties yesterday.
The underground group has claimed responsibility for a series of arsons against commercial entities that members say damage the environment.
In his speech, Cheney praised Barbour's accomplishments as chairman of the Republican National Committee.
A council of up to nine Iraqis will probably lead the country's still unformed interim government through the coming months, the American civil administrator said Monday.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX gained 5.51 points, or 0.56 percent, to 981.73.
The verbal flareup with Keating stemmed from Cardinal Mahony's initial refusal to participate in that survey unless procedures were changed.
The company reported that it terminated Sequent's Unix contract for improper transfer of source code and development methods into Linux.
Board Chancellor Robert Bennett declined to comment on personnel matters Tuesday, as did Mills.
The bill is among the first of 13 that Congress must pass each year to fund the federal government.
Since Dec.
2 the U.S. military has been engaged in a large-scale sweep, dubbed Operation Avalanche, targeting the south and east of the country.
Biotech products, if anything, may be safer than conventional products because of all the testing, said Robert Fraley, Monsanto's executive vice president.
The Standard & Poor's 500 Index was up 1.75 points, or 0.18 percent, to 977.68.
They include two sitting archbishops, Harry J. Flynn of Minneapolis-St.
Paul and Edwin F. O'Brien of the Military Services, head of all US military chaplains.
The FMI estimates that last year 15.7 percent of the average supermarket's sales and more than half of gross margin went to pay employee costs, including wages and benefits.
The U.N. atomic watchdog rapped Iran Thursday for failing to comply with nuclear safeguards, issuing a statement Washington said underlined international opposition to Tehran developing any banned weapons.
Scotland Yard's decision to issue new guidance has been prompted by new intelligence passed to Britain by the FBI in late July.
The seizure at 4 a.m. on March 18 was completed before employees showed up for work that day.
Against the Canadian dollar, the greenback rose 0.15 percent to $1.3260 as the Bank of Canada kept key interest rates unchanged.
Stealing identities and credit-card numbers with bogus e-mail and Web sites that appear to come from legitimate companies is an increasing problem on the Internet, federal officials warned yesterday.
Delta personnel at Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport were scrambling all day to find alternate flights -- even on other airlines, when necessary -- to move the inconvenienced passengers.
Microsoft on Thursday agreed to pay AOL Time Warner $750 million to settle AOL Time Warner's private monopoly lawsuit against Microsoft.
Gore said while the Patriot Act made some needed changes, it has turned out to be, on balance, a terrible mistake.
In 1999, the building's owners, the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, issued guidelines to upgrade the fireproofing to a thickness of 1{ inches.
Operating expenses fell 28 percent to $47.1 million in the first quarter from $65.8 million a year earlier.
New research indicates that some 540,000 high-tech jobs were lost in the United States during 2002.
District Attorney Dave Lupas reminded jurors that Stubbs is, a cold, calculating killer.
United has paid $34 million in penalties for failing to meet employment targets.
It is so far out in international water that the finder Odyssey Marine Exploration, of Tampa, Fla., does not have to share the wealth with any governments.
A beauty contest to be held in Italy next week may be the first for pixel-perfect pin-ups.
A passer-by found Ben hiding along a dirt road in Spanish Fork Canyon about 7 p.m., with his hands still taped together but his feet free.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index climbed 19.11 points, or 1.2 percent, to 1,615.02.
In Washington on Sunday, FBI spokesman John Iannarelli said the bureau will join the investigation in An-Najaf.
The unions also staged a five-day strike in March that forced all but one of Yale's dining halls to close.
Doctors have speculated that estrogen protects against cell damage and improves blood flow.
RT Jones analyst Juli Niemann said Grant was the one we were all pulling for.
And if that ain't a Democrat, then I must be at the wrong meeting.
Roy Moore, the suspended chief justice of the Alabama Supreme Court, stood accused but unrepentant Wednesday in the same courtroom he recently presided over.
The little girl, the daughter of a teller, was taken to the bank after a doctor's appointment.
That information was first reported in today's editions of the New York Times.
Quattrone, 47, was highly influential at Credit Suisse First Boston during the tech bubble.
Music mogul Simon Cowell's new TV dating show has made its debut in the US.
Dotson was taken to an area hospital for a psychiatric evaluation.
Lacy's last column, filed from the hospital, appeared in Friday's editions.
These changes may affect a large number of existing Web pages, the statement continued.
The royal household was bracing itself for any more revelations in A Royal Duty, based on the former servant’s time with Diana, Princess of Wales.
Watches or warnings could be issued for eastern Cuba later on Thursday.
Trevor Fetter, who returned to Tenet as president last November, has been appointed as acting CEO, the company said.
GALLOWAY TOWNSHIP, N.J. Annika Sorenstam drew the crowds, Michelle Wie got the publicity but Angela Stanford took her first LPGA victory.
According to the State Department list, about 25 nations have signed bilateral agreements in the past four months, about half in the past three weeks.
We have concluded that the outlook for price stability over the medium term has improved significantly since our last decision to lower interest rates, Duisenberg said.
Burma pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi will be released from a hospital after recovering from surgery but remain under detention at home, her personal physician said today.
Sobig.F spreads when unsuspecting computer users open file attachments in emails that contain such familiar headings as Thank You!, Re: Details or Re: That Movie.
Spot gold was fetching $365.25/366.25 an ounce at 0520 GMT, having galloped as high as $368.90 -- a level not seen since February 10.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index edged up 1.01 points, or 0.1 percent, at 1,012.67.
An audiotape aired last week by the Arab al-Jazeera television network may be the strongest evidence yet that Saddam survived the war.
It held elections in 1990, but refused to recognize the results after Suu Kyi's party won.
The OneNote note-taking tool is listed at $273 while the InfoPath XML data gathering application is priced at $289.
Domestic sales at both GM and No. 2 Ford Motor Co. declined more than predicted as a late summer sales frenzy prompted a larger-than-expected industry backlash.
The last month has been a whirlwind for the 18-year-old from Akron, Ohio.
The tuxedo shop was used as a front for laundering proceeds from a stolen credit cards.
The jury asked for transcripts of Quattrone's testimony about his role in the IPO allocation process.
U.S. companies slashed payrolls for a seventh straight month in August, raising new worries that a weak jobs market could shackle the budding economic recovery.
Nor has it said how many astronauts will be on board, through there reportedly could be as many as three.
Nearly half - 45 percent - are for shopping or running errands.
Fourteen of those infected passengers sat within four seats of the SARS patient and two were flight attendants, said Mike Ryan, WHO's global coordinator for anti-SARS efforts.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX advanced 2 points, or 0.24 percent, to 977.
It recommended that consideration be given to making the job of CIA director a career post instead of a political appointment.
The highest-paid private-college president in Washington is University of Puget Sound President Susan Resneck Pierce at $314,160, the Chronicle said.
September and third-quarter data confirm that demand in the global semiconductor market is rising briskly, George Scalise, the SIA's president, said in the statement.
Second-quarter sales grew 7 percent, to $645 million from $600 million in 2002.
The meat, poultry, butter, cheese and nuts were impounded a year ago at a LaGrou Cold Storage warehouse in Chicago.
NBC also is introducing three new dramas, including one starring West Wing fugitive Rob Lowe as a Washington lawyer.
Wells’ other series include NBC’s ER and Third Watch.
APEC leaders are painfully aware that security and prosperity are inseparable, Thai Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra told business leaders.
It's clearly a tragic day for America, Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld said in Washington.
Inamed shares closed down nearly 12 percent on Nasdaq, where it was one of the top percentage losers.
The vast majority of trades will be priced at 20 cents per contract or less depending on participation in incentive schemes.
The case comes out of Illinois and involves a for-profit company called Telemarketing Associates Inc.
Robert B. Willumstad, 57, Citigroup's president, was named chief operating officer.
Though the judge can reduce the punishment to life in prison without parole, experts say Virginia judges rarely take that opportunity.
Navistar shares rose a penny to $41.64 at late afternoon on the New York Stock Exchange after earlier falling as low as $39.93.
Justice John Paul Stevens compared the interrogation of Martinez to an attempt to obtain an involuntary confession from a prisoner by torturous methods.
Two Americans killed in a recent ambush in Afghanistan were contract employees of the CIA, the agency said Tuesday.
Five foreign embassies, including the Singapore embassy, in Bangkok were among the targets, it said.
There were a number of bureaucratic and administrative missed signals -- there's not one person who's responsible here, Gehman said.
The plan is to convert half of its eight million local phone lines within the next six years.
Oran Smith, president of the Palmetto Family Council, said the assassination marked the end of America’s innocence, giving way to the if-it-feels-good-do-it 1960s and ’70s.
Local police authorities are treating the explosion as a criminal matter and nothing has been ruled out.
The Swiss franc rose three quarters of a percent against the dollar and was last at 1.2980 to the greenback.
Authorities performed an autopsy Thursday on one of three bodies recovered from beneath a layer of freshly poured concrete in the basement of a northwest Indiana home.
The budget fell steadily until dropping as low as $2.93 billion in 1998 and has gradually risen to $3.27 billion for fiscal 2002.
Japan's business lobby quoted Snow as saying he wanted China to be flexible on its trade and foreign exchange policies.
The offer is also subject to Goldman signing an agreement with Drax's senior banks, senior bond holders and hedging banks by Sept.
30, it said.
Instead, tickets for the Jersey jam went on sale last night through Ticketmaster.
Those who ejaculated more than five times a week were a third less likely to develop serious prostate cancer in later life.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 10.89 points, or 0.11 percent, to 9,837.94.
After the fraud was discovered, San Ramon-based U.S. Wireless restated its financial results, increasing its fiscal year 2000 loss from $11.4 million to $17.7 million.
Aileen Boyle, a Simon & Schuster spokeswoman, declined to comment on any potential legal action.
Klarman was charged with 16 counts of wire fraud.
Two other priests, the Revs Daniel C Clark and James Hargadon, and a former priest, Bruce Ewing, are awaiting trial.
President Bush flies to Uganda Friday hoping to polish his anti- AIDS credentials in a country hailed as an African pioneer in fighting the epidemic.
NASCAR officials could not be reached for comment Tuesday.
The Prime Minister, Junichiro Koizumi, joined the criticism.
Chiron already has nearly 20 percent acceptances from PowderJect's shareholders.
GBI spokesman John Bankhead said the murder scenes showed that the killer was very methodical.
The network peddled drugs by forging paperwork showing prior owners of the shipments.
The yield fell 2 basis points to 1.41 percent, after reaching 1.4 percent on May 8, the lowest since March 12.
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI fell 86.56 points, or 0.94 percent, to 9,109.99, after giving up more than 1 percent earlier.
The idea that Tony Abbott is in some way a one-dimensional political head kicker couldn't be more wrong.
Officials developed plans to burn about 2,000 acres of dense forest near the park's southwest border by dropping incendiary devices, hoping to burn off fuel from the wildfire's path.
Harkleroad was one of five American women who advanced to the third round.
Boston Scientific said it has gained 51 percent of the coated-stent market in Europe.
But with the Prime Minister due to leave tomorrow, a day early, he may not be present when the final decision is made.
According to security sources, London Metropolitan Police Commissioner John Stevens placed his force on its highest state of alert last week following the warning.
They said the company knowingly underestimated to the FDA the number of safety complaints involving the device.
Retail sales fell 0.2 percent overall in September compared to forecasts of a 0.1 percent dip.
I love the Catholic Church with all my heart, mind, soul and strength, said Troy, who spoke quickly but in a steady voice.
Crews worked to install a new culvert and repave the highway so motorists could use the eastbound lanes for travel.
The Columbia Accident Investigation Board has placed the blame for the accident squarely on Nasa.
The majority of the dead were labourers from Jharkhand and Nepal.
Also Thursday, the NYSE's board elected six new directors to the board and re-elected six others.
The Swedish central bank, also meeting on Wednesday, is widely expected to announce a cut on Thursday of as much as half a percentage point.
In the first half of this year, the company lost $56.7 million.
Its attackers had to fire their rockets from hundreds of yards away, with a makeshift launcher hidden in a portable electric generator.
Richard Miller, 57, survived a lifesaving liver transplant but remains hospitalized.
#1 String
Turkish authorities have said all the suicide bombers were Turks.
Wall Street enjoyed a hefty rally on Tuesday as economic reports pointed to a thriving housing market and an uptick in consumer confidence.
New York City will collect an estimated $182.5 million in tax revenue from the 2003 bonuses, compared with the $125.4 million it collected in 2002.
In a statement distributed Friday, 28 Chechen non-governmental organizations said they would boycott the vote.
British-born astronaut Michael Foale is on his way to take command of the international space station.
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX inched up 3 points, or 0.32 percent, to 970.
Some states make them available immediately; others keep them sealed for as much as 30 years.
Each count has a maximum penalty of 10 years in prison and $1 million fine.
Shares in Juniper Networks jumped more than 10 per cent on Monday after the networking equipment maker inked a sales and marketing deal with Lucent Technologies.
Though the legal age for marriage in Romania is 18, the country generally tolerates the tradition of arranged child weddings among Roma, as Gypsies are also known.
The First Amendment does not shield fraud, Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg wrote for the court in Madigan v. Telemarketing Associates, No. 01-1806.
Turning the corner does not mean we've crossed the finish line, Gregory told reporters.
Inamed shares dropped as much as about 16 percent on Nasdaq, where it was one of the top percentage losers.
The Nasdaq composite index rose 13.70, or 0.8 per cent, to 1700.34.
Energy and Commerce Committee Chairman Billy Tauzin, R-La., said Friday that he will hold a hearing on the blackout as soon as lawmakers return in September.
He told the Register: I still want to be the candidate for guys with Confederate flags in their pickup trucks.
It is one of only three states in the Arab League to hold full diplomatic relations with Israel.
He told FBI agents that he shot Dennehy after the player tried to shoot him, according to the arrest warrant affidavit.
They passed through the Lemelson Medical, Educational and Research Foundation Limited Partnership in 2001 to Syndia.
Shares of the Oak Brook, Ill.-based hamburger giant closed at $24.60, up 51 cents, or 2.1 percent, on the New York Stock Exchange.
While there were about 700 Uruguayan UN peacekeepers in Bunia, they were neither trained nor equipped to deal with inter-ethnic violence, Mr Eckhard said.
If the MTA's appeal is successful, the $2 bus and subway base fare won't change.
With the remaining three shuttles grounded in the wake of the Columbia accident, the rookies will have to wait even longer.
In recent years, Hampton kept in touch with friends and stayed in trouble: He faced charges of fare-beating and credit-car theft.
The upcoming second-quarter earnings season will be particularly important in offering investors guidance, they say.
ALBANY, N.Y. State Senate Majority Leader Joseph Bruno announced Friday he has been diagnosed with prostate cancer.
Dr Mark McClean, the family's GP, said had the drug been administered to Jonathan earlier, he would have retained more of his brain function.
Since then, police divers have searched those waters looking for the remaining three.
In 2002, Linksys overtook Cisco Systems as the leading wireless equipment vendor, accounting for 14.1 percent of revenue.
Police said yesterday they believe Mr. Cruz knew of the girl through one of her former schoolmates, though neither the girl nor her family knew him.
New building hasn't put any drag on the skyrocketing median home price, up 14.8 percent to $364,000 in April from a year ago.
At community colleges, tuition will jump to $2,800 from $2,500.
The tech-laced Nasdaq Composite Index gained 2.90 points, or 0.18 percent, to 1,606.87.
For the full year, high-speed ADSL increased by 64 percent.
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI finished down 31.23 points, or 0.33 percent, at 9,317.64.
Vivace was founded in 1999 and has raised over $118 million in three rounds of venture financing.
At this point, Mr. Brando announced: 'Somebody ought to put a bullet' through her head, the motion continued.
The European Union banned the import of genetically modified food in 1998; the United States is now demanding that the EU end its ban.
He was voluntarily castrated in 2001, an operation he contends removed his ability to become sexually aroused.
Robert Stewart, spokesman for Park Place Entertainment, the parent company for Caesars, said the Supreme Court seemed to change the rules for lawsuits.
People are obviously inconvenienced, said Dr. Jim Young, Ontario's commissioner of public safety.
Both of these kids are in wonderful physical condition right now, said Goodrich, also director of pediatric neurosurgery at the Children's Hospital at Montefiore.
Imagine that in someone's fucking brain, Klebold said.
The insulation can sift through cracks in the ceiling, around light fixtures or around ceiling fans, so cracks should be sealed, they recommend.
Beginning; early stages; not life-threatening; treatable, he said at a news conference at the Capitol.
Greenspan told Congress on Tuesday the U.S. economy could very well be embarking on a period of sustained growth.
Outside the court, Sriyanto denied to The Age that he had done anything wrong.
Hewlett-Packard Co. (nyse: HPQ - news - people), the No. 2 computer maker, rose 41 cents, or 2.4 percent, to $17.29.
Marjorie Scardino, the chief executive, said: We have one headline.
Page said it's also possible that genes on the Y chromosome may influence gender-specific differences in disease susceptibility.
The researchers believe the same is true in humans, translating to a 30 per cent greater risk of the disease.
The bureau report shows significant increases in uninsured rates occurred among whites, blacks, people 18 to 24, and middle- and higher-income earners nationwide.
Penn Traffic's stock closed at 36 cents per share on Wednesday on Nasdaq, up two cents.
The panel told the U.S. to correct its flawed determination, Mr. Pettigrew said in a statement.
I am unaware of any genuine entries concerning British servicemen in the police records, said a spokesman for the British High Commission in Nairobi yesterday.
Attorney Gloria Allred, who is representing Frey, also filed documents opposing a gag order in the case.
The cause of death is drowning, and the manner of death is homicide, Prowers County Coroner Joe Giadone said.
We're still confident that Gephardt will get the lion's share of union support.
RJR spends an estimated $30 million annually on NASCAR.
The daily Hurriyet said the raid aimed to foil a Turkish plot to kill an unnamed senior Iraqi official in Kirkuk.
The nation's median household income, adjusted for inflation, declined 1.1 percent, to $42,409 in 2002, the Census Bureau reported Friday.
Box cutters were used as a weapon by the Sept.
11, 2001, hijackers and have since been banned as carry-on items.
The United States and Russia spent billions on a dozen or so robotic craft meant to land on Mars and radio back their findings.
The truck was later found parked near the Tacoma Mall about three miles away.
The Democratic primary results have a margin of error of plus or minus 6.1 percentage points.
With the Fourth of July weekend approaching, state parks such as the Spruce Run Recreation Area in Union Township will be open.
The hearing occurred a day after the Pentagon for the first time singled out an officer, Dallager, for not addressing the scandal.
Malvo's attorneys mounted an insanity defense, arguing that Muhammad's indoctrination left him unable to tell right from wrong.
Among the workers, the researchers found short workers had worse hearing than expected for their age.
With the power back on, state workers headed back to their jobs Friday morning.
As of Friday, the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reported 1,602 human cases of West Nile so far this year, including 28 deaths.
He added: No one has anything to fear from being correctly identified, but everything to fear from their identity being stolen or misused.
Max Guarino, 17, was found April 25 in the water off City Island.
He died doing something he loved, which was flying his helicopters, said the father, who lives in Fairview Heights, just outside St. Louis, Mo.
The teen was in surgery at Sacred Heart Medical Center, and the extent of his injuries was not available, Bragdon said.
He said about 40 people attended the traditional Jewish ceremony colored by some nontraditional touches.
During difficult times for technology venture capital, Vivace raised over $118 million in three rounds of venture financing.
At least two female patients sharing a room and 10 nurses now have fevers or other symptoms, and about 100 of their contacts have been quarantined.
U.S. troops killed nearly two dozen suspected Taliban militants after coming under fire in southern Afghanistan in the latest in a series of such attacks.
The study was published Thursday in The New England Journal of Medicine (news - web sites).
The committee will define the role of the interim chairman and recommend an individual to fill that role, said Carl McCall, the lead director of the NYSE board.
This is not a scaled-down version of the Oracle Enterprise Edition or Standard Edition [database].
The others were ABN AMRO AAH.AS , ING ING.AS , Goldman Sachs GS.N and Rabobank [RABN.UL].
The Boston Archdiocese has faced waves of scandal that have not only angered victims' advocates but parishioners and some priests.
Mr Estrada has denied any involvement in the plot.
A nationally known computer hacker is being sought on a federal arrest warrant stemming from a sealed complaint in New York, a federal defender in California said Friday.
Mall operators and retailers reported fewer people camping out for early-bird specials on Saturday morning, although many parking lots were crowded by early afternoon.
Q: Can I buy coverage for prescription drugs right away?
They said they only wanted to be entertaining and win the a prize and were fired for exercising free-speech rights.
But Close wondered whether the package would be worth the cost of licensing the third-party software, along with Salesforce.com's rental price.
Im hearing the same things I listened to 17 years ago.
Deputies said the incident began at 9:40 a.m. when deputies received a phone call from a person requesting assistance regarding a domestic disturbance at 54346 Avenida Velasco.
Judge Tim Harley declared a mistrial in the Adrian McPherson gambling trial today after the jury was unable to reach a verdict.
Columbia was destroyed during re-entry Feb.
1, killing its seven astronauts.
The head of the local disaster unit, Gyorgy Heizler, said the coach driver had failed to heed red stop lights.
Critics say the law violates civil liberties, something House Judiciary Committee Chairman James Sensenbrenner, R-Wis., says he is sensitive to.
Democrats currently hold a 17-15 advantage in the state's congressional delegation.
Then it temporarily retracts the hard drive's read-write head until the system is stabilized again.
Westfield, which owns Galleria in Morley, also will continue discussions about the other co-owned centres such as Knox City in Melbourne, half-owned by Deutsche Bank.
I think we have some opportunities -- some small opportunities -- in November and possibly January, he said.
Stocks have rallied sharply for more than three months in anticipation of an economic rebound in the year's second half.
Brandy and Husband SplitR'n'b star Brandy and Robert Smith, her husband of two years have split up.
In the settlement, Tyrer agreed to pay $US1.06 million in allegedly ill-gotten trading profits and $US342,195 in interest, the SEC said.
In Damascus, the Syrian Information Minister, Ahmed al-Hassan, dismissed the claim.
General Wesley Clark finally confirmed this week that he would seek the Democratic nomination to run against President George Bush in next year's presidential elections.
Zilkha and other shareholders, including Coastal founder Oscar Wyatt Jr., had called for Wise's firing for months.
All three had criminal records for stealing cattle, the statement said.
Republican National Committee Chairman Ed Gillespie issued a letter Friday to CBS Television President Leslie Moonves.
When the manager let him in the apartment, Brianna was in her mother's bedroom lying in a baby's bathtub, covered with a towel and watching cartoons.
This is unacceptable, said Patrick Pelloux, the president of France's Association of Emergency Doctors.
The push to schedule a Labor Day race at California Speedway has gained momentum since the series visited the race track for the Auto Club California 500 in April.
We'll be listening carefully to the (IAEA) director-general's report at the next board meeting.
The news will be announced Monday morning in Dallas at Tech Ed 2003 during a keynote by Paul Flessner, senior vice president of Microsoft's Server Platform Division.
Basically, the plaintiffs did not show that omissions in Merrill's research caused the claimed losses.
The 244th Engineer Battalion has been clearing rubble, building playgrounds and restoring irrigation in Iraq, the military said.
The Dodgers won their sixth consecutive game their longest win streak since 2001 as they edged Colorado, 3-2, Wednesday in front of a crowd of 25,332 at Dodger Stadium.
How would the extra premiums be collected?
Mr. Heatley, who suffered a broken jaw and torn knee ligaments, faces several charges.
Dean aides estimated the plan would cost about $88 billion annually, and Dean said he would pay for it by eliminating portions of Bush's tax cuts.
He admits that the law has several weaknesses which terrorists could exploit, undermining our defenses.
Gov. Rick Perry opposes expansion of gambling but has said he would be hard-pressed to veto the lottery sunset bill.
Security forces stormed the building, but 129 hostages were killed along with the attackers.
The tendency to feel rejection as an acute pain may have developed in humans as a defensive mechanism for the species, said Eisenberger.
In the weeks leading up to the execution, several Florida officials received anonymous threatening letters.
Both Mr Blair and Foreign Secretary Jack Straw have denied that Britain had reneged on plans to involve the UN in the reconstruction of Iraq.
PCCW's chief operating officer, Mike Butcher, and Alex Arena, the chief financial officer, will report directly to Mr So.
Without going into specifics, Oracle managers also indicated PeopleSoft's roughly 8,000 workers could expect mass layoffs.
This is one of the most important solutions for portable gaming, Nintendo R&D general manager Satoru Okada said in a statement.
York had no problem with MTA's insisting the decision to shift funds had been within its legal rights.
I just hope that this event doesn't tarnish his career or take away from what he's done.
Douglas Robinson, CA senior vice president, finance, will fill the position in the interim.
The federal government has traditionally reimbursed urban hospitals at higher rates on the belief that medical treatment is less expensive in small cities and towns.
When Ragin's address was raided, authorities found more than 1,000 credit cards and duplicating machines.
The company's shares surged $4.70, or 13.7 percent, to $39.10 on the Nasdaq Stock Market yesterday.
On Wednesday next week, Mr Bush will meet Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and new Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas in Aqaba, Jordan.
A call to Rev. Christopher Coyne, the spokesman for the archdiocese, was not immediately returned.
We think PeopleSoft customers deserve the right to choose, Ellison said.
Trans fats are created when vegetable oil has been partially hydrogenated, solidifying it and increasing the shelf life of certain products.
He said some issues - including division alignments - will be resolved if the conference expands.
The most recent killing was in 1998, when Dr. Barnett Slepian was shot and killed in his home in Amherst, N.Y.
The book, scheduled for release next month, is described by Franken as a criticism of right-wing leaders and media spokesmen.
However, commercial use of the 2.6.0 kernel is still months off for most customers.
Democratic presidential candidate Joe Lieberman accused President Bush on Wednesday of presiding over a new economy with old thinking, and for failing to reward innovation in the workplace.
The civilian unemployment rate improved marginally last month -- slipping to 6.1 percent -- even as companies slashed payrolls by 93,000.
Our own history should remind us that the union of democratic principle and practice is always a work in progress, Rice said in reference to Iraq.
One month ago in the same poll, Katz was leading 46 to 40 percent.
That began on May 21, after Penn Traffic announced it was considering bankruptcy.
Companies expected to benefit from the funds are Fujitsu Ltd., Mitsubishi Electric Corp., Motorola Japan Ltd., NEC Corp., Panasonic Mobile Communications Co.
Ltd. and Sharp Corp.
Adrian Lamo, 22, had told reporters he planned to surrender to the FBI in Sacramento Friday, but he then had second thoughts.
The stock had risen 44 cents in the past four trading sessions.
Gateway will release new Profile 4 systems with the new Intel technology on Wednesday.
Omar's brother, Zahid, and wife, Tahari, were arrested on May 2 in Derbyshire.
His coalition also passed some of the world's most progressive laws in legalizing gay marriage and euthanasia and decriminalizing the personal use of soft drugs.
The teen was in critical condition at Sacred Heart Medical Center, police said in a news release.
People who were on their way home, all of a sudden taken from us, Mr. Bloomberg said of the collision.
Qualcomm has enjoyed many years of selling...against little or no competition, Hubach said in the statement.
O'Brien was charged with leaving the scene of a fatal accident, a felony.
About 25 countries have signed in the past four months, and about half of those have been signed in the past few weeks.
The information was first printed yesterday in the New York Times.
McKevitt is a terrorist, a man who has the blood of innocent people on his hands.
At 11 p.m., Henri was centered about 70 miles southwest of St. Petersburg and was becoming disorganized as it drifted south at about 3 mph, forecasters said.
Two new schemes target families of those serving in the military and e-mail users.
To be wedged between these two monsters and hold as well as we did makes it that much better, said Rory Bruer, Sony head of distribution.
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI was down 63.09 points, or 0.68 percent, at 9,270.70.
Buyers can purchase a Windows- and Office-loaded desktop for $298, excluding taxes, the report said.
Rogge was a witness to Drummond's tantrums Sunday at the World Track and Field Championships.
In morning trading, the Dow Jones industrial average was up 121.51, or 1.4 percent, at 8,832.69.
The advance guard of the 9,200-strong multinational stabilization force Poland will command in central and southern Iraq left Wednesday on the country's biggest military mission in nearly 60 years.
Tight media controls and the remote location of the clash made it impossible to confirm what happened.
But he added: You can't win elections by looking in the rearview mirror.
Aquila is short of cash, and Avon bondholders at one point feared it may default on interest payments.
In a statement, the Redmond, Wash., company said that it was acquiring the intellectual property and technology assets of GeCAD.
The results are to be published in Wednesday's issue of The Journal of the American Medical Association.
The United States and Russia have spent billions since the 1960s on a handful of space craft designed to land on Mars.
The searches were conducted simultaneously with raids on strip clubs in San Diego and Las Vegas.
However, George Heath, a Fort Campbell spokesman, said shortly after the attack that Akbar had an attitude problem.
For us, that doesn't make a difference - the sexual orientation, Archbishop Tutu said in the black urban centre of Soweto.
Taxpayers unsure if they are owed refunds can use interactive features on the IRS Web site to track refunds or advance child credit payments.
His hatred for these people had germinated from these discussions and helped cement his belief that violence was the panacea.
Darren Dopp, a Spitzer spokesman, declined to comment late Thursday.
Avery Dennison said it now expects a second-quarter profit of 68 cents to 72 cents a share, down from its prior outlook of 77 cents to 82 cents.
The firm had predicted earlier this year a 4.9 percent increase.
Wim Wenders directed a widely praised film of the same name, based on the sessions.
The crates are full of hardback copies of Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix.
Variable annuity sales surged 82 percent to $4.2 billion.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX slipped 0.13 points, or just 0.01 percent, to 966.87.
Prices had pulled back from offshore highs when the Empire State survey far exceeded expectations by jumping to 26.8 in June, a record high, from 10.6 in May.
After more than two years' detention under the State Security Bureau, the four were found guilty of subversion in Beijing's No. 1 Intermediate Court last Wednesday.
Above the clasped hands is a tomahawk crossed by a peace pipe, signifying peace.
In a news release Thursday, Strayhorn said this was the first time a comptroller rejected a budget.
Zulifquar Ali, a worshiper slightly wounded by shrapnel, said the attackers first targeted the mosque's guards.
PowderJect is roughly 20 percent owned by CEO Drayson, a high-profile UK businessman, and his family.
Democratic Lt. Gov. Cruz Bustamante was first choice of 25 percent, followed by state Sen. Tom McClintock with 18 percent.
Ghulam Mahaiuddin, head of administration in the southern province of Helmand, said the bus blast happened early in the morning, west of the provincial capital Lashkargah.
From Justin to Kelly, starring American Idol winner Kelly Clarkson and runner-up Justin Guarini, opened at No. 11 with only $2.9 million.
Amazon.com shipped out more than a million copies of the new book, making Saturday the largest distribution day of a single item in e-commerce history.
The representative did not return calls seeking additional comment.
The next government is expected quickly to come under pressure to hand over iwar criminals or risk losing crucial Western aid.
The vote for mayor followed City Council elections that gave Kurds the largest block of votes on the 30-seat council.
Hoffa, 62, vanished on the afternoon of July 30, 1975, from a parking lot in a Detroit suburb in Oakland County.
They were not supplied or given to us, but unearthed by our reporter in Iraq's foreign ministry, he said.
The euro was at 1.5281 versus the Swiss franc EURCHF= , up 0.2 percent on the session, after hitting its highest since mid-2001 around 1.5292 earlier in the session.
The computers were reportedly located in the U.S., Canada and South Korea.
Unilever Bestfoods said Wednesday it would strip trans fats from its I Can't Believe It's Not Butter spreads by the middle of next year.
Some three dozen American and British troops have been killed since Bush declared major combat over in Iraq on May 1.
In terms of format, DVD music took off while legitimate online music broadened its reach, the IFPI said.
It was still not known exactly how many people were on the plane, which could carry 141 passengers and crew.
Coupling, an American version of a hit British comedy, will get the valuable Thursday 9:30 p.m. time slot.
In midday trading, the Dow Jones industrial average lost 68.84, or 0.7 percent, to 9,248.80.
Financial terms of the sale, which is expected to be completed by the end of August, were not disclosed.
He has agreed to a lifetime ban from association with an investment adviser or mutual fund.
Whatever has happened to you by way of punishment is certainly more than enough, Covello told the 49-year-old, whose family, friends and supporters filled half the courtroom.
He was in Cincinnati helping another daughter move when the tragedy occurred, friends said.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC rose 17.33 points, or 1.07 percent, to 1,640.13.
But plaque volume increased by 2.7 percent in pravastatin patients.
Subway, bus and suburban rail services in France's four largest cities -- Paris, Lyon, Lille and Marseille -- were severely disrupted, transport authorities said.
U.S. corporate bond yield spreads ended mostly tighter amid slumping Treasuries on Tuesday, while bonds of tobacco firms widened significantly after an adverse legal ruling on Philip Morris USA.
Three retailers Dillards Inc., Kohls Department Stores and Nordstrom Inc. got Fs.
Kurdish forces at a checkpoint near Mosul in northern Iraq seized the trailer on April 19.
We can't change the past, but we can do a lot about the future, Sheehan said at a news conference Wednesday afternoon.
Hispanics have officially overtaken African Americans as the largest minority group in the US, according to a report released by the US Census Bureau.
But the yen's gains were capped by wariness about Japanese intervention, with some traders reporting irregular bids around 118 yen that could be from the Bank of Japan.
Windows was the part of the experience that really resonated with people.
The Web site said Dr. Aronov had passed two lie detector tests, one administered by the police.
Shellfire could be heard in the background as Ghafar spoke by satellite telephone.
We're delighted the testing has worked -- we caught this ... and haven't sent it into the blood supply, said Dr. Dale Towns, Calgary medical director of CBS.
Undersecretary-General for Peacekeeping Jean-Marie Guehenno urged member states contributing police and soldiers to U.N. peacekeeping operations to provide more women.
This is my sweatshirt which my brother Jaafar used to borrow from me all the time, said Mekki.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index was up 40.09 points, or 2.46 percent, at 1,666.58, marking its highest close since May 23, 2002.
Mr. Gettelfinger said at that news conference that we are going to continue to hammer away at the negotiations process until we reach an agreement, with Ford and G.M.
Both studies are published in the Journal of the American Medical Association.
Thanks to the euro's rise against the Japanese currency, the dollar was at 117.24 yen, well above the overnight 10-month low of 116 yen.
I'm amazed at the number of people who think there is a silver bullet for security, Capellas said.
Nterprise Linux Services is expected to be available before then end of this year.
Charles Howell III picked up some local knowledge a year ago that provided some much needed insight in Thursday's opening round of the Memorial Tournament.
On March 6, the board, most of them appointed by Gov. George Pataki, unanimously agreed to the hikes; they were implemented at the beginning of this month.
Paul Durousseau, 30, was charged with murder in five Jacksonville slayings between December and February, and is also suspected of a 1997 Georgia killing.
ImClone Systems Inc. and Genentech Inc. led shares of U.S. biotechnology companies higher after medicines they are developing helped cancer patients in studies.
Some Boston managers are concerned that banning smoking will create safety hazards as groups of smokers huddle outside bars and nightclubs.
But at age 15, she had reached 260 pounds and a difficult decision: It was time to try surgery.
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI ended up 64.64 points, or 0.71 percent, at 9,191.09, according to the latest available data.
Zilkha conceded in a statement issued Tuesday that his group may have fallen a bit short.
Powell's version made it seem more sinister when he said an officer on the tape ordered that the area be cleared out.
In his new position, Dynes will earn $395,000, a significant increase over Atkinson's salary of $361,400.
They have a cell phone and everybody that has a cell phone wishes they had a better one.
The Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX slipped 11.83 points, or 1.20 percent, to 975.93.
This will bring Nissan's total capital investment in Tennessee to $2.75 billion.
Network security products maker Secure Computing said Tuesday it is acquiring content filtering firm N2H2 for $20 million, furthering consolidation in an already competitive market.
Mr. Hampton had been living at a residence for AIDS patients in Beth Israel Hospital.
Gilroy police and FBI agents described Gehring as cooperative, but said Saturday that he had revealed nothing about what had happened to the children.
Only about one-third of parents of sexually experienced 14-year-olds know that their child has had sex, the report says.
Even though she defeated Williams on May 17 in the semifinals at Rome, Mauresmo cannot be favored in this match.
The agency said it had no plans to release the name of the teenager involved because he was a minor.
The Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX gained 13.68 points, or 1.42 percent, at 977.27.
Whether that means two years or four years, I don't know.
Brando said that somebody ought to put a bullet through her head, according to the defense.
But Abraham said changes in air-pollution rules would be up to the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA).
Weyerhaeuser is the one of the worlds largest producers of softwood lumber, with the capacity to produce 7.6 billion board feet a year.
It's just a matter of time, said Frank McDonald, of the University of Maryland.
As more than 100 people sentenced to death have been exonerated across the nation, other states have abridged or considered abridging the use of the death penalty.
Shares of Brocade closed at $5.91, down $1.24, or 17.3 percent.
The Yankees, however, had big trouble handling Victor Zambrano (4-4) for the second straight time.
Al Qaeda, the terror network led by Saudi-born Osama bin Laden and blamed for the Sept.
11, 2001, attacks, has been linked to both cases.
The fawn, named for university researcher Duane Kraemer, turns 7 months old today.
At 12, Lionel Tate was charged with first-degree murder over the death of Tiffany Eunick.
Sergeant Randy Force, a police spokesman, said O'Brien wasn't being charged with causing the crash because the victim had been jaywalking.
Estonia was forcibly incorporated in the Soviet Union in 1940 and regained its independence only in 1991.
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI edged up 13.33 points, or 0.15 percent, to 9,196.55.
Dotson, 21, admitted to FBI agents that he shot Dennehy in the head because Patrick had tried to shoot him, according to an arrest warrant released yesterday.
On Monday, Christian Ganczarski was apprehended at the airport and was to appear before an anti-terrorism judge soon, the officials said.
At least 2,036 Palestinians and 737 Israelis have been killed since the revolt began in September 2000.
The risk of inflation becoming undesirably low remains the predominant concern for the foreseeable future, the policy-setting Federal Open Market Committee said.
Lacy's last column appeared in Friday's edition of The Afro.
The number of Americans considered extremely obese, or at least 100 pounds overweight, has quadrupled since the 1980s to a startling 4 million, the research shows.
Even the pizza delivery took part, unwittingly delivering a leaflet with the missing girl's picture during his run to Cruz's house.
Two partners in Grant Thornton's Italian business were arrested last week and questioned by magistrates investigating the collapse of Parmalat, the Italian dairy company.
Shares of Mandalay closed down 8 cents at $29.42 Thursday.
Also, businesses throughout Utah are volunteering to display Amber alerts on their signs.
We don't think that there is a trade secret here.
A captured rebel said 2,100 combatants had been involved in the offensive.
Three Weeks in October goes on sale Monday, nearly a year after the Washington, D.C.-area sniper shootings started.
The study appears in the latest issue of the Journal of the American Medical Association.
We believe the report is fully consistent with what the courts have ruled ... that the department's actions are fully within the law.
We're thrilled to be up 3-2,'' Coach Gregg Popovich said Wednesday.
PeopleSoft has argued that an Oracle takeover would face substantial regulatory delays and a significant likelihood that the transaction would be prohibited.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC shed 15 points, or 0.98 percent, to 1,492.
The year-ago numbers do not include figures from Compaq Computer.
Andy Savage, who is representing Renee Britt, said she is undereducated and has some mental problems herself.
The plant would employ 1,000 people when fully built out, the company said.
It seems to me ... we're just dealing with bragging rights here, who wins and who loses, said Gammerman, who heard the case without a jury.
The new products on the desktop side include the latest versions of Pylon Conduit and Pylon Pro.
For the third time in four years wildfires closed Mesa Verde National Park, the country’s only park dedicated to ancient ruins.
In the second installment of a three-legged, record $58 billion refunding, the U.S. Treasury is slated to sell $18 billion in five-year notes on Wednesday.
I know this sounds counterintuitive, but it's true: City-grown pollution -- and ozone in particular -- is tougher on country trees, U.S. ecologist Jillian Gregg said.
Hannum was five and a half months pregnant when her mother died.
U.S. same-store sales last months at Tim Hortons rose 8.8 per cent.
The company added that it would reevaluate its commitment to the remaining New York show, which took place last month.
We believe that it is not necessary to have a divisive confirmation fight, Daschle of South Dakota wrote the Republican president.
Turki Nasser al-Dandani, another suspected Saudi operative for Osama bin Laden's al-Qaida terror network and top suspect in the Riyadh bombings, remains at large.
The Winston-Salem, North Carolina company opened six stores during the quarter, bringing the total to 282.
Analysts attributed its rise to negative news from bankrupt competitor WorldCom Inc. and talk that AT&T could be a takeover target, among other factors.
At last nights protest, demonstratorschanted tapping our phones, reading our mail, the LEIU should go to jail.
The company also earned 14 cents a share a year earlier.
The company is highlighting the addition of .NET and J2EE support to its Enterprise Application Environment (EAE) with the new mainframe.
An amendment by Rep. Ellen Tauscher of California to create a special committee to investigate Iraq intelligence failures was rejected on procedural grounds.
Griffith, 77, grew up in Mount Airy and now lives in Manteo.
The company added, until more facts are presented, Lindows.com will not take a position as to the validity of the claims presented by either side.
Snow's interview was conducted on Friday but embargoed until Tuesday.
In that same time, the S&P and the Nasdaq have gained about 3.5 percent.
According to the BBC, the group's interim report will say its inspectors have not even unearthed minute amounts of nuclear, chemical or biological weapons material.
Predictions ranged from 16 cents a share to 27 cents a share, according to Thomson First Call.
House Democrats plan town meetings this month to lay out their complaints about the House bill.
Since 2001, the agency has closed bookstores in San Francisco, Boston, Philadelphia, Chicago, Birmingham, Ala., Cleveland, Columbus, Ohio, and Washington.
At 11 a.m.
EDT, Fabian's center was near latitude 18.1 north and longitude 53.2 west, or about 550 miles east of the Leewards.
Shares of Coke were up 6 cents at $44.42 in afternoon trading Wednesday on the New York Stock Exchange.
U.S. Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman, who announced yesterday's ban, also said Washington would send a technical team to Canada to assist in the Canadian situation.
To create the condyle, Dr Mao and colleague Adel Alhadlaq used adult stem cells taken from the bone marrow of rats.
Franklin County Judge-Executive Teresa Barton said a firefighter was struck by lightning and was taken to the Frankfort Regional Medical Center.
Legislation making it harder for consumers to erase their debts in bankruptcy court won speedy, House approval in March and was endorsed by the White House.
Music mogul Simon Cowell's latest project, a reality TV dating show called Cupid, airs in the US on Wednesday.
Glover said the killer used a peculiar slipknot on the ligature he used to strangle some of the victims.
If the subsidies are not repealed, the European Union is threatening trade sanctions against the United States.
Braker said Wednesday that police, as part of protocol, were talking with other children Cruz had access to.
Thus, he said, there did not have to one deadline to create the economic community.
The first health-care worker in the country to die of SARS was a Filipina-Canadian who contracted the disease at North York General Hospital, the site of the second outbreak.
But stocks have roared higher in the past 3-1/2 months amid hopes for an economic rebound.
US District Judge William M. Hoeveler's removal by his superior was a victory for US Sugar Corp., which led the fight for his ouster.
Six were from Douglas County, which includes Roseburg, and two from the Portland area.
Because it takes Neptune 165 years to orbit the Sun its seasons will last for decades.
The Rev. Christopher Coyne, spokesman for the archdiocese, did not immediately return several calls seeking comment.
Shares of Smithfield closed up $1.64, or 8.5 percent, at $20.85, on the New York Stock Exchange.
She told the inquiry that her husband had received assurances from his line manager and senior ministry officials that when he came forward his name would not be made public.
The 4th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals has unsealed a heavily edited transcript of the June 3 court session where classified evidence was discussed out of public earshot.
Advanced Micro Devices said Fujitsu Siemens Computers is offering a high-end workstation based on AMD's Opteron 200 Series.
Maddox, who had battled cancer since 1983, cracked two ribs earlier this month when he fell at an assisted living home where he was recovering from surgery.
The whole thing is a travesty, fumed Brent Newbury, president of the Rockland County Patrolmen's Benevolent Association.
Some people trapped in a burning high-rise building in Chicago's Loop business district frantically dialed 911 for help in escaping the smoke-filled staircases and hallways, officials said.
Such communication will help adult smokers make more informed choices, company vice president Richard Verheij told a House Energy and Commerce subcommittee at a separate hearing.
Qantas yesterday issued its second profit downgrade in six weeks and warned of more job cuts as the continuing affect of the SARS scourge took its toll on passenger demand.
I am therefore unaware of any genuine entries concerning rapes by British servicemen in police records, the spokesman said.
The number of probable cases dropped to 64 on Tuesday from 66 on Monday in and around Toronto, a city of four million people.
Malvo, 18, goes on trial Nov.
10 in the death of Franklin.
He was the ace of diamonds in a U.S. deck of cards showing pictures of most-wanted Iraqi leaders.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index declined 25.78 points, or 1.56 percent, to 1,627.84.
Shares in EDS closed on Thursday at $18.51, a gain of 6 cents.
If convicted of violating the Truth in Domain Names Act, Zuccarini could face up to four years in prison and a $250,000 fine.
Bush said the United States was reviewing documents and interviewing Iraqis in an intensive effort to support the still unproven claim that Saddam had forbidden weapons.
That means Democrats can block any Supreme Court nominee through a filibuster if they can get 40 of their members to agree.
Even her request, decades later, to attend her father's funeral on the island was denied.
I thought it was going to be a special day, but I didn't want to get ahead of myself, she said.
Investment bank Merrill Lynch raised its investment rating on the business software maker Oracle to buy from neutral with a 12-month price target of $15.
The new Mobile AMD Athlon 64 processors are numbered 3200+, 3000+ and 2800+.
The S&P 500 finished 13.78 points higher at 930.08, or 1.5 per cent, the highest level since January 14.
Oracle chairman Larry Ellison has hinted that the company could yet again increase its offer for rival PeopleSoft.
To make sure that we avoided any perception of wrongdoing, we are not co-mingling appropriated and non-appropriated funds (from Congress), said Faletti.
Federal officials earlier said there is no evidence of terrorism.
The S.& P. 500 slipped 12.27 points, or 1.2 percent, to 981.73.
Unemployment, at 6 percent, matched the highest since August 1994.
He suddenly found himself confronted with dozens of panicked guests and face to face with one of three men who led the attacks.
Elecia Battle dropped her purse after buying the Mega Millions Lottery ticket last week and believes the ticket blew away.
The 2001 Aboriginal Peoples Survey released Wednesday by Statistics Canada says living standards have improved but still lag for the Inuit and those who leave their often impoverished reserves.
Jacob has pushed consolidation for years but said it has been opposed by many communities, especially rural ones.
Ohmer ruled the law warranted further review by the Missouri Supreme Court and would have caused irreparable harm had it taken effect Saturday.
P&G officials decided it would be wiser to split the contracts to avoid reliance on a sole contractor.
Only in the past few weeks have officials settled on the 20 percent figure.
It beat the previous record of $54.9 set by 1999's Austin Powers: The Spy Who Shagged Me.
Ratliff's daughters, Margaret and Martha Ratliff, were adopted by Peterson after their mother's death.
I think the longer the series goes, the more chance Dirk has to play, Nelson said.
If Senator Clinton does decide to run in 2008, she cannot announce her candidacy before 2006, which is when she faces re-election for the Senate.
The legal settlement resolves the private anti-trust lawsuit filed against Microsoft in January 2002 by AOL Time Warner's America Online unit on behalf of its Netscape subsidiary.
Shares of Salix have rocketed 64 percent since Axcan made its first offer on April 10.
South San Francisco's Genentech, the world's second-biggest biotechnology company, rose 6.6 percent to $66.73.
The Commerce ruling Tuesday will impose a 44.71 percent tariff on dynamic random access memory semiconductors (DRAMS) made by Hynix Semiconductor Inc.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index (.IXIC: Quote, Profile, Research) ended off 2.96 points, or 0.15 percent, at 1,921.33.
Southwest said it completed inspections of its entire fleet of 385 aircraft -- all 737s -- and found no additional items.
Palm Beach County is prepared to kick in another $200 million to build the institute's campus.
Against the yen the dollar was down 0.7 percent at 110.73 yen.
The search was concentrated in northeast Pennsylvania, but state trooper Tom Kelly acknowledged that Selenski could have traveled hundreds of miles by now.
He was sentenced in June to more than seven years in prison for securities fraud, perjury and other crimes.
The outbreak seems to have begun with one of the roommates, a transfer from Taipei's Jen Chi Hospital.
The Metropolitan Transportation Authority, which plans to appeal, was given until May 28 to restore the old subway and bus fare and the old commuter railroad rates.
Bush also hoped to polish his anti-AIDS credentials in Uganda, which has been hailed as an African pioneer in fighting the killer disease.
A spokesman for SCO could not be reached for comment this afternoon.
If Fortigel, a testosterone gel, had been approved, Cellegy would have reached profitability by the second half of 2004, Mr. Juelis said.
At his sentencing, Avants had tubes in his nose and a portable oxygen tank beside him.
The winner of this year's Most Popular New Talent Logie, Goodrem first went to a specialist on Monday feeling tired and unwell.
Drugs are up to 50 percent cheaper in Canada than the United States because of government price controls.
Results from No. 2 U.S. soft drink maker PepsiCo Inc. (nyse: PEP - news - people) were likely to be in the spotlight.
The findings are published in today's edition of the journal Nature Medicine.
At 5 p.m.
EDT, the center of Hurricane Fabian was located near latitude 15.7 north, longitude 45.2 west or about 1,075 miles east of the Lesser Antilles.
Eurex said the vast majority of trades on Eurex US would be priced at 20 cents per contract or less depending on participation in incentive schemes.
State government sources said Travis' move was a direct result of the controversy over the Boudin parole decision.
Along with Boston, Watertown, Saugus and Framingham also are going smoke-free Monday.
Freeman's civil hearing may be, on the surface, about a driver's license.
A lawyer for Bashir, Mahendradatta, said earlier his client was mentally prepared for a heavy sentencing demand and had felt the Marriott bombing would affect the decision.
Ryan Harvey, an outfielder from Dunedin High School in Florida, was selected with the sixth pick by the Chicago Cubs.
He added, I am not giving any consideration to resignation.
PC-related products were the strongest sellers, with microprocessors up 5.6 percent and DRAMs up 8.2 percent, the SIA said.
TNK-BP has six oil producing units, five refineries and 2,100 filling stations.
A sibling also identified Sani, 28, who was from the island of Sumatra, police said.
Arifin has disclosed to the ISD that he is involved with a group of like-minded individuals in planning terrorist attacks against certain targets in Thailand, the government said.
Hope is survived by his wife; sons Anthony and Kelly; daughters Linda and Nora Somers; and four grandchildren.
But U.S. troops will not shrink from mounting raids and attacking their foes when their locations can be pinpointed.
The two Democrats on the five-member FCC panel held a news conference to sway opinion against Powell.
Rolfe said Linksys overtook Cisco Systems last year as the leading supplier of WLAN equipment.
The season's name comes from the Latin word adventus, which means coming.
The dead cavalrymen are honored with a hilltop granite obelisk and white headstones.
He faces an additional 25 years in prison on the federal charges when he is sentenced July 7.
Executive recruiters say that finding a seasoned chief merchandising officer will perhaps be the trickiest of all hires because there is such a dearth of good ones.
Only Intel's 0.3 percent yield is lower.
Telemarketing Associates, hired by VietNow, raised $7.1 million from 1987 to 1995.
Officers threw him to the ground and handcuffed him, and Reyna dropped a knee into his back, according to testimony.
International rescue workers are scouring flattened debris for survivors in Iran's shattered ancient Silk Road city of Bam after a violent earthquake killed more than 20,000 people.
Before addressing the economy, Bush discussed the terrorist attacks in Saudi Arabia, which killed as many as 29 people, including seven Americans.
Hickenlooper clobbered city Auditor Don Mares, 46, in the Tuesday runoff.
Rumsfeld has been feuding for a long time with Army leadership, and he passed over nine active-duty four-star generals.
In late-morning trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market, Corixa was up 74 cents, or 10%, at $7.94.
A gunman stormed into the Lakeside post office and took two employees hostage Wednesday, San Diego County authorities said.
Stewart waved to courtroom sketch artists seated in the jury box and took notes in a spiral-bound notebook during the hearing.
Republicans had pledged to complete a Medicare drug package by August, then extended the deadline to Oct.
17, and they are still working on it.
Last week, the executive committee of the Board of Trustees issued a no-confidence vote in Goldin.
The Nasdaq composite gained 4.78 to 1,955.80, having edged up 0.1 percent last week.
For example, Anhalt said, children typically treat a 20-ounce soda bottle as one serving, although it actually contains 2 ½ 8-ounce servings.
Avon bondholders have no recourse to Midlands's assets and at one point feared Aquila would default on interest payments.
The service will launch later this summer with 800 locations, and Sprint plans 2,100 locations by the end of the year.
Nuremberg, Germany-based SuSE will license Sun's Java 2 Standard Edition (J2SE) and ship Sun's Java Virtual Machine across its Linux software line.
It was called mandatory, but Dupont said authorities did not force people to leave.
That victim, a New Jersey resident, was in critical but stable condition at the hospital.
The ADRs fell 10 cents to $28.95 at 10:06 a.m. in New York Stock Exchange composite trading today.
The NAFTA ruling confirms that Canadian producers dump lumber in to the U.S. market, Rusty Wood, chairman of the coalition, said in a release.
Spokesmen for the FBI, CIA, Canadian Security Intelligence Service and Royal Canadian Mounted Police declined to comment on El Shukrijumah's stay in Canada.
Also today, a bomb explosion in a Baghdad traffic tunnel killed one civilian and wounded two others, Iraqi police said.
Where long-lines used to catch 10 fish per 100 hooks in past decades, they are now lucky to catch one, the study found.
And when asked if he felt regret or guilt about the attack his answer was an adamant no.
But the officials later revised the numbers and said about 250 had been arrested at some 60 stores.
The State University at Stony Brook launched the study in 1996, after earlier studies indicated a possible connection.
Lee Janzen, tied atop the leaderboard with five holes left, finished with a 68 to tie for sixth with Bob Crane (67) at 269.
Some of the computers also are used to send spam e-mail messages to drum up traffic to the sites.
Yesterday, shares closed up 29 cents, or 0.54 percent, at $54.32.
Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld is awaiting recommendations from his commanders.
Only the positive effect on the financial services industry was assured, he said.
State health officials have reported 18 suspected cases in Wisconsin, 10 in Indiana and five in Illinois.
What can I say to you? he told a crowd at a cemetery with a thousand headstones, many of them marking the graves of entire families.
Maj-Gen Jeffery said he would give his military pension to charity while he served at Yarralumla.
Three such vigilante-style attacks forced the hacker organizer, who identified himself only as Eleonora67, to extend the contest until 6 p.m.
EDT Sunday.
The poll had a margin of error of plus or minus 2 percentage points.
Shares in Tellabs, after initially rising, were unchanged at $7.18 on Nasdaq shortly after midday.
Excluding the $56 million charge and the accounting change, Ford's third-quarter earnings amounted to 15 cents a share.
In a statement distributed today, 28 Chechen non-governmental organisations said they would boycott the vote and warned voters to expect fraud.
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI rose 18.25 points, or 0.19 percent, to 9,586.71.
The German finance ministry on Monday said there was no case for softening.
Budget negotiations between the mayor and the City Council are entering high gear.
The euro rose as high as $1.1535 -- a fresh four-year high -- in early Asian trading before standing at $1.1525/30 .
Phone companies, which have argued that DSL should be subject to less regulation, had mixed reaction.
The survey that found it covered only a narrow slice of the sky.
Investors are taking heed of the latest warning from Japan's top financial diplomat Zembei Mizoguchi that Japan would act to prevent excessive swings in rates.
Earlier Friday, Taiwan reported 55 new cases but no new deaths.
In early U.S. trading, the euro was down 0.6 percent to $1.1741, after rising to a four-month high of $1.1860.
I just got carried away and started making stuff, Byrne said.
It was the biggest protest since hundreds of thousands marched in outrage over the massacre of democracy activists occupying Tiananmen Square in Beijing in 1989.
Great Train Robber Ronnie Biggs was back in jail tonight after being treated in hospital for pneumonia.
Software developers use compilers to translate programming languages such as C++ into the language that can be read by a particular processor.
Chances were, he said more than a week ago, he would see people who year after year pick the same place to sit.
Ruffner, 45, does not have a lawyer on the murder charge, authorities said.
The euro ros further into record territory on Tuesday as demand for higher-yielding euro-based assets overshadowed U.S. economic data showing rising consumer confidence and a strong housing market.
Luzerne County District Attorney David Lupas told a news conference Monday that authorities were ``continuing to make significant progress'' in the case.
Quattrone, 47, is charged with obstruction of justice and witness tampering.
That would be a potential setback to Chief Executive Phil Condit's strategy of bolstering defense-related sales during a slump in jetliner deliveries.
They did so after her feeding tube was removed this afternoon, accompanied by the Rev. Thaddeus Malanowski, a Catholic priest who visits Mrs. Schiavo weekly.
The board did so and accepted that resignation, said McCall, who chaired the meeting.
The military said it had killed 16 rebels and captured nine in the campaign so far, with one soldier killed and six wounded.
Mr. Stewart said the ring was most likely a work in progress, and that flaws, like being tied to a single server, would be eliminated over time.
Microsoft will stop developing versions of its Internet Explorer browser software for Macintosh computers, saying that Apple's Safari is now all that Apple needs.
The presiding bishop of the Episcopal church, Frank Griswold, declined to comment on Saturday's development.
Mrs. Boncyk's husband, Wayne, had taken the family's only car to work, so she and the children had to catch a ride with neighbors.
It was centered about 100 miles southwest of Cedar Key and drifting erratically southward, forecasters said.
Sales fell to $3.3bn in 2002 as the bad news hit the US market.
Medical experts said the condition was mildly worrying but easily-manageable.
For me, the Lewinsky imbroglio seemed like just another vicious scandal manufactured by political opponents, Mrs Clinton writes.
He was arrested again Friday night at an Alpharetta restaurant where he was having dinner with his wife.
The charges of espionage and aiding the enemy can carry the death penalty.
The shares had risen about 16 percent in the past year.
Later in the day, a standoff developed between French soldiers and a Hema battlewagon that attempted to pass the UN compound.
It's obvious I'm not riding as well as years past, Armstrong said at a news conference.
While many likely now will quit - as millions of women already have - Soltes said she is likely to continue prescribing the supplements for relief of change-of-life symptoms.
Former chief financial officer Franklyn M. Bergonzi pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy on June 5 and agreed to cooperate with prosecutors.
He also noted Tom Siebel had turned in 26 million stock options valued at more than $50-million (U.S.) earlier this year.
The appellate judges were in sharp disagreement when they ruled in February.
Vivendi shares closed 3.8 percent up in Paris at 15.78 euros.
Grasso quit last week in the wake of a firestorm of criticism over his $140 million compensation package.
Authorities and Baylor officials say Dennehy, 21, hasn't been heard from in more than two weeks.
It's probably not the easiest time to come in and take over the shuttle program, but I look forward to the challenge, Parsons told reporters at NASA headquarters.
We respectfully disagreed with Massachusetts's request for fees on the basis that they did not prevail on the vast majority of their original claims, Microsoft spokeswoman Stacy Drake said.
The money can be used for road upgrades, tollways, public transit or any other means to improve mobility.
A year ago, the company posted a profit of 12 cents a share.
This blackout was largely preventable, said Spencer Abraham, US energy secretary.
The book, called Lies and the Lying Liars Who Tell Them: A Fair and Balanced Look at the Right, hits stores this weekend.
The four fund companies named by Spitzer each said they're cooperating with his investigation.
Our own histories should remind us that the union of democratic principle and practice is always a work in progress, she said.
The Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries defied expectations on Wednesday and lowered its output ceiling by 900,000 barrels a day to 24.5 million barrels starting in November.
Today, June 25, the 127th anniversary of Custer's defeat, formal recognition is coming to the Indian warriors who prevailed that hot June day in 1876.
They were remanded in custody and will appear in court again on July 8.
Analysts' average forecast was $4.02 per share on revenue of $25.56 billion.
LIPA Chairman Richard Kessel said that meant the cable could be used as we see fit.
Says IBM: Electrons come down from the poly-silicon emitter, accelerate through the SiGe base, and make a turn in the SOI layer towards the collector contact electrode.
ONG KONG, July 9 Tens of thousands of demonstrators gathered tonight before the legislature building here to call for free elections and the resignation of Hong Kong's leader.
The League of United Latin American Citizens, the group criticizing Schwarzenegger, said the Austrian-born actor's advisory board position brings into question his commitment to Hispanics.
The company also became synonymous with ethical business practices.
Joanie Harper and Brothers were granted an annulment in September 2001, and Harper was given sole custody of Marques and Lyndsey, court records show.
Schools Chancellor Joel Klein said he was pleased by the results.
Tikrit is Saddam Hussein's hometown and the region around it is known as a hotbed of Baath Party supporters and former high-ranking Iraqi military officials.
It's unfortunate that Senator Clinton would seek to politicize such a qualified nominee as Governor Leavitt, said Taylor Gross, a White House spokesman.
Beckham will receive a yearly salary of $10 million plus bonuses, earning him about $220,000 a game.
Xerox itself previously paid a $10-million penalty to settle the SEC accusations.
The Congress of the United States has never — ever — outlawed a medical procedure, said Rep. Louise McIntosh Slaughter (D-N.Y.).
There’s also at least three suspected cases in Illinois and 11 in Indiana.
Right now, there is nothing we can do, Stegman said.
Buchan responded by first noting that, in crafting the tax relief packages, the president has always had both the short-term and the long-term in mind.
Total revenue for the second quarter was $1.48 billion, up 7% from $1.39 billion in the same period last year.
The group will be headed by State Department official John S. Wolf, who has served in Australia, Vietnam, Greece and Pakistan.
He has a very good reputation, RT Jones analyst Juli Niemann said of Grant.
The court case does not include another rule, which also took effect Nov.
29, that allows cell customers to keep their phone numbers when they switch wireless companies.
These are dark days for our industry, the Geneva-based International Air Transport Association's Director-General Giovanni Bisignani said.
Seifert, he testified, had a gunshot wound in the back.
Samudra, 33, a textile salesman, is also charged with the church bombings across Indonesia on Christmas Eve, 2000, in which 19 people died.
Gonzales was found guilty of using excessive force by spraying Olvera with pepper spray.
Late Friday evening, forecasters said Erika was 130 miles east of Brownsville and tracking due west at 21 mph with sustained winds of about 70 mph.
Judge Harold Baer concluded Wednesday that lawyers for the two victims have shown, albeit barely ... that Iraq provided material support to bin Laden and al-Qaida.
A sign outside the Peachtree Restaurant reads: Pray for Eric Rudolph.
There are a total of 659 women enrolled at the academy, the report said.
The vulnerability exists in the way Microsoft's Visual Basic for Applications checks document properties passed to it when a document is opened.
Companies trading on the biggest stock markets must get shareholder approval before granting stock options and other equity compensation under rules cleared yesterday by the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Late last year, for example, more than 1800 US soldiers were placed in Djibouti to conduct counter-terrorism operations in the Horn of Africa.
A gunman who had ``a beef with the Postal Service'' stormed into a suburban post office and took two employees hostage Wednesday, authorities said.
Such a move has been widely predicted by industry observers and follows the departure of Christopher Galvin, the company's chairman and chief executive.
Texans saddled with skyrocketing homeowners premiums might finally be getting relief.
In September 2002, the nearby Gard region was hit by similar floods.
Paul Durousseau, 30, was charged Tuesday with murder in five slayings between December and February, and also is suspected of a 1997 killing in the state of Georgia.
The suspects were charged with racketeering, conspiracy, organized fraud, grand theft and illegal drug sales, all felonies carrying penalties of five to 30 years in prison.
We are committed to helping the Iraqi people get on the path to a free society, Rumsfeld said in a speech to the Council on Foreign Relations.
NASA is scheduled to launch the Space Infrared Telescope Facility on Monday morning.
Nine other countries, including Australia, Chile, Colombia, El Salvador and Mexico, are supporting the case.
But waiting crowds filling the streets rushed the bridges soon after daylight, overrunning razor-wire barricades.
At last week's meeting with U.S. President George W. Bush, Roh said inter-Korean exchanges would be conducted in light of developments on the North Korean nuclear issue.
They include French President Jacques Chirac and German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder.
Some 55 gang members and associates were arrested in a coordinated sweep across the West on Wednesday, some for charges not related to the casino brawl.
They went into the operations of their own free will, their father Dadollah Bijani said.
The Midwestern center will focus on diagnosis, treatment and vaccines for anthrax, botulism, tularemia, hemorrhagic fever viruses and plague.
After 18 months, the atorvastatin patients had no change in the plaque in their arteries.
It was going to involve others, said prosecutor Kenneth Karas at a Jan.
30 court hearing, reports the Associated Press.
Branch was later fired by the company and eventually filed a wrongful-termination suit that included details about the documents, the Journal story said.
With more and more Bluetooth-equipped cellular phones coming onto the market, people are going to be sorry if they didn't buy a PDA with Bluetooth, he said.
Al-Ghozi was arrested in Manila in January 2002 while on a mission to buy explosives for bombing targets in Singapore.
As a professional, he added, I think I'd like to be thought of as a good storyteller.
Based on that review, I have concluded that CEO & President Greg Parseghian and General Counsel Maud Mater should be replaced, said Falcon in a statement.
Beagle 2 has no propulsion system of its own; it is in the hands of Mr Newton now, as an astronaut once put it.
They were identified as Abdul Azi Haji Thiming and Muhammad Jalaludin Mading of Thailand, and Esam Mohammed Khidr Ali of Egypt.
We don't have new places to check, Waco public information officer Steve Anderson said.
In next week's drill, our objective is to improve the nation's capacity to save lives in ... a terrorist event, Ridge said.
General Moseley and a senior aide presented their assessments at an internal briefing for American and allied military officers at Nellis Air Force Base in Nevada on Thursday.
The 92-year-old former president is suffering from Alzheimer's disease.
Worldwide, the disease has now infected 6,727 people in 30 countries and caused 478 deaths.
This issue is unlikely to be resolved until lawmakers return from their summer recess in early September.
The jury also found Gonzales guilty of using excessive force by dousing Olvera-Carrera with pepper spray.
Ebbers' lawyer, Reid Weingarten, said despite the thorough investigation, the best the investigators can do is nitpick about the process and substance of isolated business decisions.
The parade, which moved west along Eastern Parkway in Crown Heights past hundreds of thousands of spectators, went through the district that Davis represented.
This solution includes the BTS 10200 soft switch, uBR7246VXR cable modem termination system and MGX 8850 voice gateway products.
Many of the countries affected, like Colombia and Ecuador, are considered critical to the administration's efforts to bring stability to the Western Hemisphere.
The meeting would now be held before August 8.
But Itar-Tass news agency said four of his bodyguards were among those killed by the bomb.
But he said labor wanted other senators to increase the value of awards proposed by Hatch and create a mechanism to ensure the fund remains solvent.
An arrest warrant claimed Bryant assaulted the woman June 30 at a hotel.
The memo analyzed lawful activities like recruiting demonstrators, as well as illegal activities like using fake documentation to get into a secured site.
Yucaipa bought Dominick's in 1995 for $693 million and sold it to Safeway for $1.8 billion in 1998.
They were being held Sunday in the Camden County Jail on $100,000 bail each.
Other countries are owed at least $US80 billion ($108.52 billion).
The Jacksons each were charged with four counts of aggravated assault and 14 counts of child endangerment.
Four years ago, California activist Marc Kasky sued Nike under a statute designed to protect consumers from false advertising.
Holden toured Northmoor, a small town in Platte County, Mo., where between 25 and 30 homes were either damaged or destroyed.
Last year, Comcast signed 1.5 million new digital cable subscribers.
She was physically ill several times on the day he died, she said.
Turki Nasser al-Dandani, another key Saudi operator for Al Qaeda and a second main suspect in the Riyadh bombings remains at large.
His lack of co-operation was allowing other JI operatives to remain at large, where they threatened further terrorist acts, Mr Dila said.
No pill is ever expected to replace earplugs and other mechanical ear protection.
It has sought observer status for seven years, but was again rebuffed May 19 at the annual WHO conference in Geneva.
Jack Ferry, company spokesman, said that a search is in progress but would not comment on its status.
The decision to issue new guidance has been prompted by intelligence passed to Britain by the FBI in a secret briefing in late July.
Health officials confirmed today that a northeast Kansas woman has the state's first case of monkeypox and the first case west of the Mississippi River.
A day later, Winikoff sealed the records again to give Limbaugh's attorneys time to appeal.
NEC is pitching its wireless gear and management software to a variety of industries, including health care and hospitality.
Humphries, and his father, William, arrived at IU in the early afternoon and spent the day with IU coach Mike Davis.
Before Sunday, 19 firefighters assigned to wildfires had died on duty this year, according to Tracey Powers of the National Interagency Fire Center in Boise.
But Democrats can block any potential nominee through a filibuster if they can get 41 votes.
Furthermore, with the target fed funds rate at 1 percent, substantial further conventional easings could be implemented if the FOMC judged such policy actions warranted.
Gainers included Dow components AT&T, which rose $1.25 to $21.75, and General Motors, which rose 57 cents to $37.70.
That failure to act contributed to September the 11th and the failure to act today continues (to put) Americans in a vulnerable circumstance, Graham said.
The American Chamber of Commerce and InvestHK, which oversees investment into the territory, are talking to other bands to ask them to step in.
Amazon also reported that the New York Attorney General's office had settled civil fraud charges with one of the spoofers it identified.
IBMof the US andInfineon Technologies of Germany willon Tuesdayannounce a technological development that could threaten multi-billion dollar memory chip markets.
For the first quarter, HP pulled in $2.94 billion and captured 27.9 percent of the market.
This was around the time Congress was debating a resolution granting the President broad authority to wage war.
Morgan Stanley raised its rating on the beverage maker to overweight from equal-weight saying in part that pricing power with its bottlers should improve in 2004.
Its closest relative is found in the Seychelles Archipelago, near Madagascar in the Indian Ocean.
Lt. Gov. David Dewhurst suggested a political motive for the report, saying: It sounds like the Republican primary started early this year.
The legislation, approved 12-3 by the House Commerce Committee, may allow Bloomfield Hills-based Taubman Centers Inc. to fend off a takeover attempt by Indianapolis-based Simon Property Group Inc.
In papers filed Tuesday in Manhattan's state Supreme Court, Lee asked for an injunction against Viacom's use of the name Spike for TNN.
Stack testified that he was not asked to do any work for Triumph until June 1999, after a grand jury investigating Silvester subpoenaed Triumph.
The family was last seen July 6 and their bodies were found Tuesday.
Microsoft has proposed a work-around that consumers and enterprises should implement until a new patch is released.
Hatab suffered broken ribs and a broken hyoid bone, according to Rawson, who is at Camp Pendleton.
The decision unnerved voting officials who already have been warning that they have barely enough time to organize the election before the balloting is scheduled to begin.
The stock closed Friday at $5.91, down $1.24, or 17 percent, on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
We cannot allow anything like that, and we won't.
The yield fell 7 basis points to 3.61 percent, the lowest since March 12 and within 7 basis points of a 45-year low.
Justice Anthony Kennedy dissented in an opinion joined by Chief Justice William Rehnquist and Justices Antonin Scalia and Clarence Thomas.
The time was about 4 a.m. on March 18, just hours before the first pinpoint missiles rained down on the capital.
Gold's rise pulled other precious metals higher, shunting silver to $4.81/83 an ounce from $4.77/79 last quoted in New York.
About 70,000 union members are on strike, including about 18,000 Ralphs employees.
SARS, the deadly respiratory disease first detected in China last November, gave the agency its first real test of a new state-of-the-art emergency operations center.
No one has been killed in the attacks, which have continued despite major setbacks for al Qaeda in a battle with Saudi security forces.
Tonight a spokesman for Russia's foreign ministry said the ministry may issue a statement on Thursday clarifying Russia's position on cooperation with Iran's nuclear-energy efforts.
Sanchez de Lozada promised a referendum on a controversial gas project, a reform of a free market energy law and constitutional reforms.
Belcher said the airport's conference room was serving as a makeshift shelter for several area families who hiked up the wooded hillside in advance of rising water.
University of Michigan President Mary Sue Coleman said in a statement on the university's Web site, Our fundamental values haven't changed.
Agriculture ministers from more than one hundred nations are expected to attend the three-day Ministerial Conference and Expo on Agricultural Science and Technology sponsored by the U.S. Department of Agriculture.
The company has 30 days to respond to the charges before the FCC makes a final ruling.
Another recent study shows that about 12 million adults have been diagnosed with diabetes and an additional 5 million adults have it but do not know it.
Several police officers were also said to be seriously hurt.
What's more, Mr. O'Neill said that he hoped Hyundai would sell one million vehicles annually in the United States by 2010.
Elena Slough, considered to be the nation's oldest person and the third oldest person in the world, died early Sunday morning.
Lynch, who returns to the hills of West Virigina Tuesday, also received the Purple Heart and Prisoner of War medals at Walter Reed Army Medical Center in Washington.
Shares of AstraZeneca, Europe’s second biggest drug company, rose 3 per cent on the New York Stock Exchange after the news.
Last year, there were shortages of shots for diphtheria-tetanus-whooping cough, measles-mumps-rubella, pneumococcal disease, tetanus and chicken pox nationally.
Also arrested Friday was Claudia Carrizales de Villa, 34, a citizen of Mexico residing in the border city of Harlingen, Texas.
He was given leave to appeal against part of his conviction and sentence.
The product can be instructed to permit business-only use, according to Sendmail.
Weyerhaeuser, one of the world's largest producers of softwood, can produce about 7.6 billion board feet a year.
PeopleSoft Inc.'s board of directors voted unanimously on Friday to recommend that stockholders reject Oracle's upgraded bid for a hostile takeover.
Quattrone is accused of obstructing justice by helping to encourage co-workers in an e-mail to destroy files on lucrative investment banking deals.
Catholic Church officials reported that two miners were killed and six other protesters injured 50 miles (110 km) outside of La Paz.
The government did not identify the taikonauts — a term coined from ‘‘taikong,’’ the Chinese word for space — who would travel on the second mission.
In 1999, troops returned after rebel raids on a neighbouring Russian region and a series of deadly apartment-house bombings in Russian cities that were blamed on the rebels.
U.S. manufacturing growth expanded for the third straight month in September but at a slower pace, according to a report released shortly after the opening bell.
Rep. Dennis Kucinich of Ohio is expected to raise more than $1 million.
The life expectancy for boys born in 2001 was 74.4 years, up two years since 1990.
A grains management committee normally meets each Thursday in the Commission's agriculture unit -- another target of Wednesday's raids -- to decide the outcome of a weekly export tender.
Five Jordanian embassy staff were wounded but were in stable condition.
The number of injured dropped to 2.92 million in 2002 from 3.03 million a year earlier.
The new sensor -- dubbed CANARY for ''cellular analysis and notification of antigen risks and yields'' -- hijacks this natural process with two important changes.
Passed in 1999 but never put into effect, the smoking law would have prevented bar and restaurant patrons from lighting up, but exempted private clubs from the regulation.
Marissa Jaret Winokur, as Tracy, won for best actress in a musical.
The official would not name the leakers for the record and would not name the journalists.
There are some who feel like conditions are such that they can attack us there, Bush told reporters at the White House on Wednesday.
Other recall suits are pending in federal court.
The U.S. military on Dec.
2 began a large-scale sweep, dubbed Operation Avalanche, targeting the south and east of the country, where Taliban activity has been highest.
He did a bad job going up there, Mr. Villalona said.
The US National Hurricane Center said the hurricane was heading toward the Texas coast and could strengthen before it hits land later in the day.
In a separate complaint, the FTC alleged that AOL and CompuServe failed to deliver timely $400 rebates to consumers.
Perkins and Kansas Chancellor Robert Hemenway declined comment Sunday night.
Physicians who violate the ban would be subject to fines and up to two years in prison.
The other six security agencies will report to a National Security Council headed by Arafat.
Galveston County District Attorney Kurt Sistrunk told Criss Wednesday his office only this week received the recordings.
Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi must be counting his lucky stars.
It is the first critical flaw discovered and fixed in the new Windows Server 2003.
There were fears that Heather would never have children after suffering two ectopic pregnancies and cancer of the uterus.
Charlie Chan is off the case for the Fox Movie Channel.
Please, keep doing your homework, said Bavelier, the mother of three.
But church members and observers say they anticipate that the decision here could pose doctrinal problems for some Episcopalians who believe the Bible prohibits homosexuality.
Besides a sales slump, Siebel is sparring with some shareholders over management stock option windfalls.
Nevada is where the most women smoke, 28 percent.
The high court will hear arguments today on whether companies can be sued under the ADA for refusing to rehire rehabilitated drug users.
Goodrem, 18, announced on Friday that she was suffering Hodgkin's disease, a curable form of lymphoma cancer.
Mr. Nelson heard people shout: There's a Jew.
In a brief ruling, US District Judge Joseph A. DiClerico Jr. denied their motion for an injunction.
I am responsible for the approval process in my agency, he said in Friday's statement.
Stanford (46-15) plays South Carolina (44-20) on Friday in the opening game of the double-elimination tournament.
If the magazine lost more than $4.2 million in a fiscal year, O'Donnell would be allowed to quit.
Canada will not consider sending more troops to Afghanistan until its current 12-month peacekeeping mission is complete, Prime Minister Jean Chretien said Saturday.
The same flood that blocked the airport road also swamped a Federal Express depot.
Doud was shot in the shoulder and underwent surgery at Strong Memorial Hospital, where he was listed in satisfactory condition.
If requested by outside authorities, however, the FCC will provide data from system audit logs to support external investigations of improper Internet use.
A tropical storm rapidly developed in the Gulf of Mexico on Sunday and could have hurricane-force winds when it hits land somewhere along the Louisiana coast Monday night.
The £5m would give BA a considerable return on the £5 it originally paid the government for the aircraft.
She has a boyfriend, too, officials said: Sgt. Ruben Contreras, who sat with her family Tuesday.
About 20 family members of the victims were invited to the news conference.
It still remains to be seen whether the revenue recovery will be short-lived or long-lived, Mr. Sprayregen said.
On Friday, authorities had said the state police would head the investigation.
Nations like Israel and Australia already have such status.
Metro, bus and local rail services in France's four largest towns -- Paris, Lyon, Lille and Marseille -- were severely disrupted, Europe 1 radio reported.
The market's broader gauges also posted big gains, having climbed higher for four consecutive weeks.
For the week ended June 15, a total of 28.2 million DVDs were rented in the United States, compared with 27.3 million VHS cassettes.
Air Commodore Dave Pietsch said the main concern was a September 11-style aircraft suicide attack.
At 2:25 p.m., the King County medical examiner confirmed the remains were human, Larson said.
Cordiant has been a target since it lost a crucial client, Allied Domeq, in April.
Despite problems in the job market, the latest snapshot of the labor markets was slightly better than economists were expecting.
Dennehy's family reported him missing June 19, seven days after he was last seen on campus.
Sixty players and five coaches from Mepham High School in Bellmore, Long Island attended the training camp in August.
People just love e-mail, and it really bothers them that spam is ruining such a good thing, said Deborah Fallows, senior research fellow with the Pew project.
They are being held on immigration violations as the incident is investigated.
WorldCom's financial troubles came to light last year and the company subsequently filed for bankruptcy in July, 2002.
But they did not, as of the time of this particular tragic event, provide the security we had requested, Jordan said.
The decision came a year after Whipple ended federal oversight of the district's racial balance, facilities, budget, and busing.
The seizure occurred at 4am on March 18, just hours before the first American air assault.
The network will drop one edition of Dateline, its newsmagazine franchise.
In addition, two of his cousins - members of the Jordanian royal family - have been mentioned as possible competition for the throne.
America says 1,882 of its service personnel are listed as missing in action and unaccounted for.
On Wednesday, Hill is scheduled to become the first person executed for murdering an abortion doctor.
Through Thursday, Oracle said 34.75 million PeopleSoft shares had been tendered.
Time magazine named the American soldier its Person of the Year for 2003.
A few hours later, the House voted 256 to 170 to pass the Healthy Forest Restoration Act sponsored by Rep. Scott McInnis, R-Colo.
The regime of Saddam Hussein possessed and used weapons of mass destruction, sponsored terrorist groups and inflicted terror on its own people.
The decision unnerved voting officials who already have been warning they have barely enough time to organize the election.
Instead, Weida decided that Meester's case on charges of rape, sodomy, indecent assault and providing alcohol to minors should proceed to a court-martial.
Barbini said the union may reach a compromise with the United States but it wants a system for labeling such foods, something the industry successfully fought here.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index added 1.92 points, or 0.12 percent, at 1,647.94.
To put it very simply, Antetonitrus is Brontosaurus's older brother, hence the name.
U.S. prosecutors have arrested more than 130 individuals and have seized more than $17 million in a continuing crackdown on Internet fraud and abuse.
We don't know if any will be SARS, said Dr. James Young, Ontario's commissioner of public safety.
The contact between the delegations ended a diplomatic drought between the two nations, at odds over the nuclear program and U.S. demands that it cease immediately.
The Senate version has no coverage for annual costs between $4,450 and $5,800.
She said another man, 19-year-old Antowain Johnson, tried to go back in ... but the smoke wouldn't let him.
PeopleSoft will commit $863 million in cash and issue 52.6 million new shares, the companies said.
Baker called a pregame meeting, believing the the corked-bat episode had distracted the team.
There are estimated to be between 400,000 and 750,000 Iraqis employed by state-owned enterprises in Iraq, but most of the businesses are currently inoperative, he said.
Once seated, the anonymous jurors will be driven back and forth to court in vans with tinted windows to protect their identities.
In Ventura County, the number of closings and advisories dropped by 73 percent, from 1,540 in 2001 to 416 last year.
Instead of remains, the Ragusas will bury a vial of Michael's blood, which he had donated to a bone marrow center.
The company claims it's the largest single Apple VAR Xserve sale to date.
Arts helped coach the youth on an eighth-grade football team at Lombardi Middle School in Green Bay.
MALAYSIA will launch a publicity campaign in local newspapers today giving its version of the water dispute with Singapore.
D'Cunha said, from a science standpoint, Toronto's last case was April 19, so the all-clear day was actually yesterday.
The woman felt threatened and reported the incident to police, and around 2:30 p.m.
Stackhouse was arrested.
Hampton Township is located a few kilometers northeast of Bay City, near Michigan's Thumb.
But other sources close to the sale said Vivendi was keeping the door open to further bids and hoped to see bidders interested in individual assets team up.
The government did not identify the taikonauts -- a term coined from taikong, the Chinese word for space.
Some of the passengers were from Benin, Guinea and Sierra Leone.
The department ordered a 12 percent reduction for State Farm Lloyds, the state's largest insurer, and an 18.2 percent reduction for Allstate Texas Lloyds, the third-largest.
Vivendi pointed out that in both possible combinations, it would maintain a substantial minority interest in a U.S. media corporation with excellent growth potential.
Without an adopted resolution, no Iraqi, U.S. or U.N. entity in Baghdad has the legal authority to export oil.
Sun was the lone major vendor to see its shipments decline, falling 2.9 percent to 59,692 units.
The newly unsealed 32-count indictment alleges money laundering and conspiracy and strikes at one of the very top targets in the drug-trafficking world, Jiménez said.
There were more people surrounding the clubhouse than the Unabomber's house up in the hills, Baker said.
Fewer than 10 FBI offices have conducted investigations involving visits to mosques, the Justice Department said.
A rival distributor, Mike Selwyn, of United International Pictures, says he cannot detect, unlike The Matrix Revolutions, any advance scepticism.
The survey also found that more executives feel that current economic conditions have improved, at 35 per cent compared to 15 per cent in the first quarter.
It appears from our initial report that this was a textbook landing considering the circumstances, Burke said.
Consumers who said jobs are difficult to find jumped to 32.6 from 29.4, while those saying work was plentiful slipped to 12.6 from 13 in April.
Colgate shares closed Monday at $56.30 on the New York Stock Exchange.
The Standard & Poor's 500 stock index ended the quarter up 120 points, a gain of 14 percent, the best performance for that broad market benchmark since 1998.
In the first quarter of this year, weekly earnings adjusted for inflation fell 1.5 percent - the biggest drop in more than a decade.
They include two Kuwaitis and six Palestinians with Jordanian passports with the remainder Iraqis and Saudis, the official said.
AFTRA, on the other hand, approved the merger by a whopping 75 percent.
Police spokesman Brigadier-General Edward Aritonang confirmed that another two men had been arrested yesterday, one in Jakarta and another in Magelang in central Java.
The American Association of Nursing Colleges reported that schools turned away more than 5,000 qualified applicants last year.
Analysts polled by Reuters Research, a unit of Reuters Group Plc, on average forecast profit of $1.69 per share.
It's a major victory for Maine, and it's a major victory for other states.
For the same reason Dell and Gateway can get TVs, there's no reason Wal-Mart can't get computers, Baker said.
Started on Christmas Day in 1931 with Humperdinck's Hansel and Gretel, the Met matinee broadcasts have introduced opera to millions of people around the world.
We believe we are fully prepared to roll out the revised Diebold machines, said Gilles W. Burger, chairman of the Maryland State Board of Elections.
Our policies are well known and I'm not aware of any changes, Secretary of State Colin Powell said Tuesday.
This is extraordinarily fast, said Matt Geller, an analyst at CIBC World Markets.
I urge Congress to quickly resolve any differences and send me the final bill as soon as possible so that I can sign it into law, he said.
The stock of Juniper Networks Inc. rose sharply Monday after the Mountain View, Calif.-based network-equipment maker announced a distribution and development deal with Lucent Technologies Inc.
All six of them are dead, we were told by Harold and his group, Warner said.
Analysts expected earnings of 27 cents a share on revenue of $17.7 billion, Thomson First Call says.
Medicaid is the federal and state government health insurance program for the poor.
Graham, who co-chaired the inquiry, is a presidential candidate.
His partner Bijan Darvish is charged with filing a false police report.
Last week the Securities and Exchange Commission said its staff was preparing to draw up rules to combat trading abuses.
In addition, juries in both state and federal cases have become increasingly reluctant to impose the death penalty.
He said police had identified the bodies of seven of the 14 bombers who launched five almost simultaneous raids Friday night.
He said the problem needs to be corrected before the space shuttle fleet is cleared to fly again.
Gen. Sattler heads a Combined Joint Task Force based on ship in the Gulf of Aden and the Indian Ocean.
An airplane carrying Spanish peacekeepers back from Afghanistan crashed into a fog-shrouded mountain in Turkey and exploded Monday, killing all 75 people aboard.
However, other unions including the powerful CGT remained opposed to the reform and demanded the government begin fresh negotiations with them.
Hidalgo County Judge Ramon Garcia remembers how he and his friends used to have to sneak around the school yard to speak Spanish.
Founded in 1996, the LendingTree exchange consists of more than 200 banks, lenders, and brokers.
I notice a mood change in their priorities, said one Iraqi politician after meeting with Mr. Bremer.
The Fed's Empire State survey far exceeded expectations by jumping to 26.8 in June, a record high, from 10.6 in May.
Smugglers in a van chased down a pickup and SUV carrying other smugglers and illegal immigrants, said Pinal County Sheriff Roger Vanderpool.
He allegedly told his ex-wife in an angry phone call that he had no intention of following their new custody agreement.
Iraq's economy was shattered under former president Saddam Hussein and by the U.S.-led war to oust him which ended in April.
That state will not emerge until the interim government decides on a process to write a new constitution and to hold the first democratic elections.
SAN Architect will run approximately $2,400 while AutoAdvice is available with coverage from one to 50,000 CPUs.
The Republic of Korea was found to lead the way in broadband penetration, with approximately 21 broadband subscribers for every 100 inhabitants.
Mark Longabaugh, the league's vice president for political affairs, said that Kempthorne has shown a distinct contempt for environmental protection.
Also Tuesday, the United States also released more Iraqi prisoners of war, and officials announced that all would soon be let go.
American Masters: Arthur Miller, Elia Kazan and the Blacklist: None Without Sin (Wed.
Community college students will see their tuition rise by $300 to $2,800 or 12 percent.
She countersued for $125 million, saying Gruner & Jahr broke its contract with her by cutting her out of key editorial decisions.
The company said that based on first-quarter results it expects to earn 90 cents per share for the quarter.
Their findings were published today in Science.
The purpose of the hearing is to determine whether Akbar should be court-martialled.
The Dow Jones industrial average added 28 points, or 0.27 percent, at 10,557, hitting its highest level in 21 months.
There will be 9.3 million visitors to hot spots in 2003, up from 2.5 million in 2002, Gartner said.
Also arrested Friday was Claudia Carrizales de Villa, 34, a Mexican citizen who lives in Harlingen.
He said the royal family has poisoned the princes' little minds.
Both have said they are willing to take the slim chance of success for the opportunity to lead separate lives.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index was 0.46 points lower, or 0.05 percent, at 997.02.
Similar rewards were offered for his two sons and lieutenants, Uday and Qusay.
Samudra claims the meeting agreed with this and fine-tuning was handed to Dulmatin, a bombmaker still on the run and so-called smiling Bali bomber, Amrozi.
Prosecutors did an about-face in May and asked that the autopsy reports be unsealed after portions of Conner Peterson's autopsy report favorable to the defense were leaked to the media.
Engleman said the final report on the investigation could take as long as a year.
SARS has killed about 800 people and affected more than 8400 since being detected in China in November.
Pascal Lamy, the EU’s Trade Commissioner, insisted: “The EU’s regulatory system for GM goods authorisation is in line with WTO rules.
Mississippi placed among the bottom 10 states in 13 of the 17 measures.
That means that if the planet is in a season, it will continue to brighten for the next 20 years.
That federal investigation is separate from an informal inquiry by the Securities and Exchange Commission.
The speaker issued a one-paragraph statement, saying, I am advised that certain allegations of criminal conduct have been interposed against my counsel, J. Michael Boxley.
Werdegar also said Intel's servers were not harmed by the computer messages and the thousands of recipients were able to request that the e-mails stop, which Hamidi honored.
GM, the world's largest automaker, has 115,000 active UAW workers and another 340,000 retirees and spouses.
At 5 p.m.
EDT, Henri had maximum sustained winds near 50 mph, with some gusts reaching 60 mph.
Combined, the companies will have about $2.8 billion in annual revenues, 13,000 employees and more than 11,000 customers in 150 countries.
The memo specifically mentioned Linux, a still small but emerging software competitor that is not owned by any specific company.
This moves us a lot closer to saying that the foam can do this kind of damage, said Hubbard, a member of the Columbia Accident Investigation Board.
The equivalent of 75,000 55-gallon barrels of waste thought to contain transuranic waste are stored underground at Hanford.
Tonight a spokesman for the Russian Foreign Ministry said it might issue a statement on Thursday clarifying Russia's position on aiding Iran's nuclear-energy efforts.
The company has publicly identified Linux as one of its biggest competitive threats.
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI jumped 2.09 percent, while the Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX leapt 2.23 percent.
Pharmacy Guild president Richard Heslop said it highlighted the need for product regulation.
Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist, a Tennessee Republican, said he intended to work to get the loan provision removed from the final bill.
A year ago the firm posted a profit of 26 million pounds.
East Africa has been an area of terrorist threats and indeed terrorist attacks in the past, said State Department spokesman Philip Reeker.
The new research will be published soon in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
In an E-mail statement to the Knoxville News Sentinel, Shumaker said, ''I am not giving any consideration to resignation.
The illusionist remained in critical condition Monday with a gaping wound to the neck.
From Florida to Alaska, thousands of revelers vowed to push for more legal rights, including same-sex marriages.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC lost 2 points, or 0.18 percent, to 1,649.
We need the somebody who notices them to come forward, he told a news conference to introduce his successor, Brig. Gen. Mastin M. Robeson.
Missouri Education Commissioner Kent King said he was disappointed by the scores.
Grant Thornton claims that it too was the “victim” of a fraud.
The men were remanded in custody and are due to appear again before court on July 8.
Oh yeah, Miami, Boston College and Syracuse leaving the Big East to take a seat in the Atlantic Coast Conference.
The hot technologies -- networking, storage and wireless products -- will be front and center this week.
With an estimated net worth of $1.7 billion, Mrs. Kroc ranked No. 121 on Forbes magazine's latest list of the nation's wealthiest people.
He told Today that authorities, as part of protocol, were talking with other children Cruz had had access to.
The legal ruling follows three days of wild volatility in RIM's stock over speculation that PC giant Hewlett-Packard Co. may be bidding for the company.
And several Senate Republicans are cranky about the House map.
He wasnt like that, except for getting in a couple fights with his dad.
Senator Hill appeared completely unaware of the issue, which has been of serious concern to US, Australian and British intelligence officers.
U.S. Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman kicks off the three-day Ministerial Conference and Expo on Agricultural Science and Technology on Monday.
Mahmud controlled access to Saddam for everyone but immediate family members, Pentagon officials said.
Prince Saud said, The Kingdom of Saudi Arabia has been wrongfully and morbidly accused of complicity in the tragic terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001.
It was the first suicide attack in Israel since October 4, when a bomber killed 23 people.
Southwest's net income amounted to $246 million, or 30 cents per share.
The Saudi newspaper Okaz reported Monday that suspects who escaped Saturday's raid fled in a car that broke down on the outskirts of Mecca Sunday afternoon.
Dealers said the single currency's downward momentum against the dollar could pick up speed if it broke below $1.15.
Billups scored 77 points in the final two games of the first-round series against the Magic.
The warnings were issued on Djibouti, Eritrea, Ethiopia, Somalia, Tanzania and Uganda.
Government bonds sold off sharply after Greenspan told Congress on Tuesday that the U.S. economy could very well be embarking on a period of extended growth.
In late morning trading, the Dow was up 13.88, or 0.2 percent, at 9,002.93, having shed 2.3 percent last week.
The island nation reported 65 new cases on May 22, a one day record, and 55 new cases on May 23, making Taiwan's epidemic the fastest-growing in the world.
Delta personnel at Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport were scrambling all day to find alternate flights -- even on other airlines, when necessary -- to move the inconvenienced passengers.
Police said on Monday they believed Cruz knew of the fourth-grade girl through one of her former schoolmates, although neither the girl nor her family knew him.
As a responsible leader we feel it necessary to make these changes because online chat services are increasingly being misused, Microsoft told the BBC.
Acer said its Veriton 7600G incorporates the Intel 865G chipset and is priced starting at $949.
They asked that the autopsy reports be unsealed after portions of the autopsy report on Peterson's unborn son that were favorable to the defense were leaked to the media.
In 2002, for example, the Dow dropped more than 1,500 points, or 15.6 percent, between May and October, due largely to terrorism fears driven by headlines.
Mr. O'Neill had a solution: a 10-year, 100,000-mile warranty, meant to reassure buyers that they could trust Hyundai.
We condemn this raid which is in our view illegal and morally and politically unjustifiable, London-based NCRI official Ali Safavi told Reuters by telephone.
The problem likely will mean corrective changes before the shuttle fleet starts flying again.
On a planet that takes nearly 165 years to orbit the sun, spring can last more than 40 years.
The research adds to the evidence that diet may affect a person's chances of developing the mind-robbing disease that afflicts more than four million North Americans.
Taylor is now expected to leave the broken shell of a nation founded by freed American slaves in the 19th century.
Most taxpayers will get surprise tax cuts of between $4 and $11 a week from July 1.
The technology-focused Nasdaq Composite Index advanced 6 points, or 0.30 percent, to 2,053, erasing earlier losses.
China is scrambling to stop the disease from spreading to the countryside, where most of its 1.3 billion people live.
Spinal Concepts, launched in 1996, makes orthopedic medical devices used during spinal fusion surgical procedures.
Canadian officials were also expected to meet yesterday with the International Organization for Epizootics (OIE), which establishes animal-health standards for the world.
Moroccan police have arrested 33 suspects, including some linked to the radical Djihad Salafist group, a government official said.
A magnitude 8 quake hit the area Friday, setting off a fire in another tank that consumed 188,700 barrels, of crude oil.
On Friday, the Food and Drug Administration approved the use of silicone breast implants with conditions.
Beck and his team have identified roughly 130 genes that somehow cause or predispose humans to certain diseases.
Investors kept in mind Tuesday's warning from Japan's top financial diplomat Zembei Mizoguchi that Japan would act to prevent excessive swings in currency rates.
The center has a budget of $45 million, most of which will be spent on research and testing, Bridges said.
I feel confident saying that HP is no longer an integration story, Fiorina said.
The Washington Post said Airlite would shut down its first shift and parts of the second shift Monday to accommodate the president’s appearance.
CELF said IBM is pursuing membership and plans to be an active participant in the forum.
Levi became known for ethical business practices.
A former partner of accountancy firm Ernst & Young was yesterday arrested by FBI agents in the US on charges of obstructing federal investigations.
But the yen's gains were capped by wariness about Japanese intervention, with some traders reporting irregular bids that smack of intervention around 118 yen.
Accordingly, there needs to be more on the horizon than simply winning a war against terrorism.
The Ireland Palestine Solidarity Campaign, of which he was a member, said he was researching a schools exchange project.
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX was up 8.79 points, or 0.96 percent, at 929.06.
Gates dismissed the challenge from open-source programs such as Linux, which is gaining adherents in the public and private sectors.
The autopsy was ordered sealed at the request of both the prosecution and defense.
Chairman Michael Powell and FCC colleagues at the Wednesday hearing.
Both were declared dead about 6 p.m. at Brookdale University Hospital and Medical Center.
The S&P 500 index was up 1.26, or 0.1 percent, to 1,039.32 after sinking 10.75 yesterday.
I think 70 percent of the work is already done, Tauzin told reporters in the Capitol.
The search was concentrated in northeast Pennsylvania, but State Police Trooper Tom Kelly acknowledged that Selenski could have traveled hundreds of miles by now.
He claims they agreed on this plot and that fine-tuning was handed to Dulmatin, a bombmaker who is still on the run.
But price declines have remained below 30 percent, year over year, for the last two quarters, said IDC analyst John McArthur.
Sobig.F spreads when unsuspecting computer users open file attachments in e-mails that contain such familiar headings as Thank You!, Re: Details or Re: That Movie.
We don't know at this point if the current investigation includes one or more outside contractors.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX fell 3 points, or 0.30 percent, to 995.
The Russell 2000 index, the barometer of smaller company stocks, fell 2.52 to 410.23.
Genentech Inc., the world's second-biggest biotechnology company, and Xoma Ltd. said their Rapitva drug failed to help patients with rheumatoid arthritis in a study.
In winter, it is transformed into a treacherous embankment, a mountain of ice and snow that blankets everything.
In response to sluggish sales, Cisco pared spending.
Also Monday, one soldier died and three were wounded when their vehicle hit a land mine or a piece of unexploded ordnance in Baghdad.
In two new schemes, people posing as IRS representatives target families of armed forces members and e-mail users.
They traded down early this year to 60 percent of face value on fears Aquila may default.
Tampering with medicine has been so lucrative that many of those arrested lived in million-dollar homes.
The unusual decision to declassify an intelligence report came in an attempt to quiet a growing controversy over Mr Bush's allegations about Iraq's weapons programs.
It appears that the machine was cracked using a ptrace exploit by a local user immediately after the exploit was posted on BugTraq.
The interview came a day after a report in the British press that he had been taken into custody.
At the accident scene, the driver was covered in blood but helped to remove children, Wood said.
Regional utility Tohoku Electric Power Co Inc said an 825,000-kilowatt (kW) nuclear reactor, the Onagawa No.3 unit near Sendai automatically shut down due to the quake.
The Institute for Supply Management said its index of non-manufacturing activity rose to 50.7, bouncing back from a one-month contraction in March at 47.9.
With 97 percent of precincts counted tonight, 68 percent of voters opposed the tax.
The virus kills roughly 36,000 people in an average year, according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
Residents forced out of their homes on Sunday returned Monday, many to floods in their basements or lower floors.
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index fell 0.70 points, or 0.07 percent, to 1,069.42.
Mr. McCall, who ran unsuccessfully for governor of New York in 2002, styled himself an advocate of better corporate governance.
Henri was centered about 75 miles southwest of Cedar Key and was moving east-northeast at 5 mph, forecasters said.
Texas lawmakers must close a $185.9 million budget gap by the middle of July or the schools wont open in September, Comptroller Carole Keeton Strayhorn said Thursday.
Seven 20- and 21-year-old cadets were ticketed by police for drinking alcohol in an off-campus hotel room early Saturday with two young women, aged 16 and 18.
Now they are waiting to see if Fed Chairman Alan Greenspan will try and repair the damage in his testimony to the House next week.
The arrest was reported in The Washington Times today.
Nobody claimed responsibility for Schaichat's death, but police suspect that the 20-year-old soldier was abducted either by Palestinians or Israeli Arabs.
They did not nationalize them, Manouchehr Takin, an analyst at the Center for Global Energy Studies in London, said.
Every Thursday, a grains management committee meets in the Commission's agriculture directorate to decide the outcome of a weekly export tender.
U.S. stocks fell in early morning trade on Wednesday as a wave of profit warnings drained some of the optimism that has driven a rally over the past three months.
An episode is declared when the ozone reaches .20 parts per million parts of air for one hour.
In afternoon trading in Europe, France's CAC-40 fell 1.6 percent, Britain's FTSE 100 dropped 1.2 percent and Germany's DAX index lost 1.9 percent.
Watson, of Whitakers, N.C., was found guilty of making a false threat to detonate explosives, and destruction of federal property.
The United States welcomes a greater NATO role in Iraq's stabilisation, Powell said, according to the text of prepared remarks seen by Reuters.
Fires in Spain's Extremadura region, which borders Portugal, have forced hundreds of people to evacuate their homes.
Dmitri Young was the fourth overall selection by St. Louis in the 1991 draft.
The CGT warned of prolonged industrial action unless Raffarin agreed.
Manufacturers and grocers or distributors have a long history of complicated contracts offering retailers discounts, money for advertising or payments for prominent shelf space.
Selenski had previously spent seven years in prison on a bank robbery conviction.
NBC will probably end the season as the second most popular network behind CBS, although it's first among the key 18-to-49-year-old demographic.
Qantas issued its second profit downgrade in six weeks yesterday, as the airline warned of more job cuts owing to the ongoing impact of SARS on passenger demand.
He added: There is no doubt about the chemical programme, the biological programme and indeed the nuclear weapons programme.
Next Monday at about 2 p.m.
(CST), hospital officials in and near Chicago will notice a sudden increase in people complaining of flu-like symptoms.
We think they have the right to choose.
Siebel, whose fortunes soared with the tech boom, has cut nearly one-third of its workforce since the end of 2001.
Compared with the same quarter last year, Cisco earned $729 million, or 10 cents a share, on revenue of $4.82 billion.
Walsh, also 40, was in critical but stable condition at Staten Island University Hospital last night.
Mr Howard also said yesterday that Hicks would be fairly treated, saying he had faith in the US justice system.
Her first heart tumor was removed in 1997 in the upper part of her heart, but it returned in 1999, 2001, and again this year.
Analysts say Davis, a Democrat, could get a boost in the polls if the 29-day-old budget crisis is resolved without further delay.
The Aspen fire had charred more than 12,400 acres by Monday on Mount Lemmon just north of Tucson and more than 250 homes had been destroyed.
We have been somewhat lucky, said Dr. Anthony Fauci, director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases.
The dollar was at 116.78 yen JPY= , virtually flat on the session, and at 1.2871 against the Swiss franc CHF= , down 0.1 percent.
In 2001, the number of death row inmates nationally fell for the first time in a generation.
As well as the dolphin scheme, the chaos has allowed foreign companies to engage in damaging logging and fishing operations without proper monitoring or export controls.
Without admitting or denying the S.E.C.'s allegations, Mr. Markovitz agreed to a permanent ban from associating with an investment adviser or mutual fund.
Writing for the minority, Justice John Paul Stevens said the interrogation was akin to an attempt to obtain an involuntary confession from a prisoner by torturous methods.
I would rather be talking about positive numbers than negative.
Our goals is not to go out and start suing companies, McBride said.
Other potential suitors are not interested in acquiring only the music business.
Consolidated volume was heavy, with 2.17 billion shares traded, compared with 1.92 billion on Tuesday.
That's the highest third-quarter growth rate we've seen in over 25 years, said Andy Bryant, Intel's chief financial officer.
He said it was a movie meant to inspire, not offend.
After their arrests, the men told investigators they paid to be smuggled into the United States from Canada last month.
It's a huge black eye, said publisher Arthur Ochs Sulzberger Jr., whose family has controlled the paper since 1896.
Yeager said the suspect in the Target attack showed tendencies of being a prior offender.
He was eventually taken to London's Hammersmith hospital, where doctors regulated Blair's heart beat via electric shock.
Advertising and circulation revenues from the flagship Martha Stewart Living magazine have declined.
Nearly 2,000 pages of transcripts were ordered to be made public after a legal action by the New York Times.
Electronic Data Systems Corp. Thursday said the Securities and Exchange Commission has asked the company for documents related to its large contract with the U.S. Navy.
Mr Colpin did not specify whether it was this system that was at the centre of the investigation.
This after seven health care workers at a public hospital fell ill with flu-like symptoms.
He attributed some of the communication gap to doctors feeling pressed for time; patients cited discomfort discussing financial issues.
Astronomers have clocked eight more moons orbiting Jupiter, bringing its known total to 60.
If no candidate wins 50 percent plus one in today's election, the top two will meet in a runoff June 3.
In lieu of a direct patch, Microsoft has proposed a workaround that consumers can implement until a new patch is released.
It would be completely irresponsible to reverse course, said Senate Democratic Leader Tom Daschle, of South Dakota.
The No. 11 airline in the world, Air Canada has been under court protection from creditors since April 1.
They were an inspirational couple, selfless and courageous, said the Oscar-winning film director.
Drug developer Inspire Pharmaceuticals Inc.
ISPH.O tumbled $2.17, or 13.4 percent, to $13.98.
This is a clear attempt to pinch money, said Graham Cluley, senior technology consultant with U.K.-based Sophos PLC.
RIM must either pay NTP the $53.7 million or post a bond with the court pending the appeal.
Experts said the case marks one of the first times in which a parent was charged with contributing to a child's suicide.
President Bush signed a waiver exempting 22 nations from these sanctions because they had signed but not yet ratified the immunity agreement.
A final decision on his fate would lie with US President George Bush.
Spending taxpayer dollars to create terrorism betting parlors is as wasteful as it is repugnant, they announced at a press conference yesterday.
It closed Tuesday at its highest level since last June.
Lawyers and others familiar with the federal investigation say it remains focused on Campbell, though prosecutors declined to discuss the probe.
Lao officials on Friday called on France, its former colonial ruler, to help the country find an alternative investor to replace EdF.
Court Judge Robert Sweet said the plaintiffs failed to draw an adequate casual connection between the consumption of McDonald's food and their alleged injuries.
There's very strong interest in getting money back to the ratepayers as quickly as possible, Commissioner Susan Kennedy said.
Avalon means the next Windows OS will support new styles of user interfaces and elements.
Also Tuesday, a soldier drowned in an aqueduct in northern Iraq.
Joe Kernan, who had been lieutenant governor for the past seven years, was sworn in as governor after O'Bannon died Saturday.
Stocks rebounded on Friday on hopes the government would next week adopt some of the market boosting proposals discussed on Thursday at a meeting of the top economic advisory panel.
All five suspects were charged with robbery and criminal impersonation of a police officer.
Two brothers who were among seven Portland suspects accused of aiding terrorists have decided to plead guilty to conspiring to aid al-Qaida and the Taliban, officials said Wednesday.
Zulifquar Ali, a worshipper slightly wounded by shrapnel, said the assailants first targeted the mosque's security guards.
I don't know if the person I'm talking to now may end up being someone else at another time that may not follow the rules, Parrish said.
Humphries, and his father William, were on the IU campus Wednesday afternoon and Thursday morning.
The talks, the first involving Washington and Pyongyang since April, had their share of fireworks.
A spokesman at Strong Memorial Hospital said Doud was under evaluation Tuesday evening in the emergency room.
He added that the decision will throw a monkey wrench into the FCC's efforts to develop a vitally important national broadband policy.
There are an estimated 25,000 to 28,000 tribal fighters in the region, with thousands deployed in and around the town.
TSMC also accused Syndia of trying to interfere with its customer relationships.
Tornadoes tore through Kansas, Missouri and other states in the Midwest, killing as many as 29 people, the Associated Press reported.
U.S. District Judge Lee R. West ruled Tuesday in Oklahoma City that the FTC lacks authority to run the registry.
In 1993, after nine years in prison, Bloodsworth was cleared with evidence gathered from a semen stain on the victim's panties.
The settlement taking effect this week was reached less than two months after O'Malley took the helm of the nation's fourth-largest archdiocese.
Mr. Geoghan was taken to the University of Massachusetts Memorial Health Alliance Hospital in Leominster, Mass., where he died at 1:17 p.m.
Dealers said the single currency's downward momentum against the dollar could pick up speed if it broke below $1.15.
Stanford bested a 144-player field that included former winners Sorenstam and Juli Inkster, as well as 13-year-old phenom Michelle Wie.
As you know, East Africa has been an area of terrorist threats and indeed terrorist attacks in the past.
His sport utility vehicle was found June 25, abandoned without its license plates in Virginia Beach, Va.
U.S. Food and Drug Administration Commissioner Mark McClellan said Kraft's could start an important trend.
Beckham will pocket a weekly salary of about $213,000 and earn $10 million a year, plus bonuses.
If the extra equity for the project cannot be found, AustMag directors will have to abandon the project in order to avoid trading while the company is insolvent.
Rob Furst intends to defend the charges in court, said Ira Lee Sorkin, Furst's attorney.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX eased 7.57 points, or 0.76 percent, at 990.94.
They include two Kuwaitis and six Palestinians with Jordanian passports, and the remainder are Iraqis and Saudis, the official said.
Windows Media Player has had security problems before.
Colorado Attorney-General Ken Salazar later said his office has also filed suit against Invesco, charging it with violations of the state's consumer protection act.
And about eight to 10 seconds down, I hit.
Although Republicans now hold every statewide office, the state's congressional delegation comprises 17 Democrats and 15 Republicans.
She also thanked her boyfriend, Sgt. Ruben Contreras, who was sitting next to the stage.
Law enforcement officials confirmed that Limbaugh was being investigated by the Palm Beach County, Fla., state attorney's office.
On Sunday, a U.S. soldier was killed and another injured in southern Iraq when a munitions dump exploded.
The Nasdaq Composite Index lost 16.95, or 1.1 percent, to 1507.76, its first slide in five days.
But U.S. District Judge Joseph DiClerico denied their request in a brief ruling.
Standard & Poor's 500 stock index futures for June were down 2.60 points at 965.70, while Nasdaq futures were down 7.50 points at 1,183.50.
Excluding legal fees and other charges it expected a loss of between 1 and 4 cents a share.
Two of them are on an initial list of six detainees who could be tried by the military tribunal.
Overture's listings are generated by more than 100,000 advertisers who bid for placement on keywords relevant to their business.
In Canada, the booming dollar will be in focus again as it tries to stay above the 75 cent (U.S.) mark.
Since then, Texas Gov. Rick Perry has called two special sessions trying to push the measure through.
A bad decision on Charleroi would have huge implications for state-owned regional airports in France.
The ECB has cut interest rates six times over that period, from 4.75 percent in October 2000 to 2.5 percent.
I reliably receive reminders when my dog needs a vaccination and when my car is due for maintenance, he said.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index gained 5.51 points, or 0.56 percent, to 981.73.
Two partners in Grant Thornton's Italian business have been arrested and are being questioned by magistrates over the collapse of the giant food group.
Retired General Wesley Clark's entry into the race for the Democratic presidential nomination will almost certainly strengthen anti-war forces determined to unseat US President George W Bush next year.
Most of that - $51 billion - was for American troops in Iraq, while another $10 billion was for U.S. forces in Afghanistan.
Republican officials said the advertisements were proof that Democrats were panicking about losing their stature on Medicare.
GREAT train robber Ronnie Biggs was fighting for life last night after a massive heart attack.
On Saturday, the International Committee of the Red Cross said it was temporarily closing its offices in Baghdad and Basra.
Still, Pinellas rabies cases fell sharply to 17 in 1996 and 3 in 1997, Agnew said.
Big Blue will integrate Adobe's Form Server, Form Designer and Reader products with its DB2 Content Manager and DB2 CommonStore products designed for businesses.
This will put a severe crimp in our reserves, O'Keefe said Friday during a roundtable discussion with reporters at NASA headquarters.
But five pools contained no traces of disinfectant leaving bathers open to cross-infection.
A smaller number, 8 per cent, looked for higher profits through price increases.
The third case involved contracts signed by Sierra Pacific Resources SRP.N utility Nevada Power Co. and two municipal utilities.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was up 7.42 points, or 0.45 percent, at 1,653.44.
Roberts said he didn't think excess inventory showed up in Avery's first quarter, although it might explain the drop and quick recovery in sales this quarter.
Also helping Tokyo stocks were hopes the government would next week adopt some of the market boosting proposals discussed on Thursday at a meeting of its top economic advisory panel.
Wagner and Wolford both said that rescue workers were scrounging for boats to retrieve residents stranded by high water.
Four Harvey Milk High School students who dressed as women were arrested yesterday for robbing men in the West Village - and pretending to be police officers, sources said.
Kelly said Mr Rumsfeld last month made the unsolicited suggestion that this year's honour should go to all men and women who wear the US uniform.
A senior air force official and a member of Parliament also died in the crash, it said.
Her detention brings to 19 the number of the 55 most-wanted Iraqis now in US custody.
Federal investigators are looking for possible connections between the theft of 1,100 pounds of an explosive chemical from construction companies in Colorado and California in the past week.
Cooley said he expects Muhammad will similarly be called as a witness at a pretrial hearing for Malvo.
Prince is replacing Sanford Sandy Weill, who will remain Citigroup's chairman.
Snow made his comments to Reuters on Friday but they were embargoed until Tuesday.
Doctors said that one or both of the boys may die and that if they survive, some brain damage is possible.
According to law enforcement officials, the individual decrypted passwords on the server.
We will clearly modify some features of our plans as well as their administration, Reed said in a letter to the NYSE's 1,366 members.
Perry has called lawmakers into two special sessions to address congressional redistricting.
A lot of things (were said), but I'd prefer to leave it on the field, he said.
Mel Gibson's passion-stirring Biblical epic The Passion of Christ will open in the United States on Feb.
25 - Ash Wednesday on the Roman Catholic calendar.
If a company won't do so, its drugs could be prescribed to Medicaid patients only with the state's say-so.
Another soldier drowned after diving into an aqueduct in northern Iraq, the Central Command said.
Searches for survivors from several previous shipwrecks have often had to be abandoned for similar reasons, leaving the vessels and most of their passengers unaccounted for.
To make sure that we avoided any perception of wrongdoing, we are not comingling appropriated and nonappropriated funds [from Congress], said Faletti.
In 2001, Nash helped found an after-school nonviolence program named after a college student who was fatally shot by a 14-year-old gang member, program supervisor Alexis Lukas said.
The tone was set by Hu, 60, who became the Communist Party's general secretary last November and then the country's president this March.
Pope John Paul has health problems but is still at the helm of the Roman Catholic Church, the pope's top aide has told Reuters.
Sean Harrigan of Calpers, the California fund, said: Today we are trying to pull the pig from the trough.
But butterflies exposed to an earlier light cycle, from 1am to 1pm, orientated themselves towards the south-east.
The companies uniformly declined to give specific numbers on customer turnover, saying they will release those figures only when they report overall company performance at year-end.
The 90-minute exchange in Boston took place at a debate focusing on the issues of interest to young people.
Reuters witnesses said public squares were packed with crying children and people left homeless, huddled in blankets to protect them from the cold.
Ms Stewart, 61, its chief executive officer and chairwoman, did not attend.
Apple Computer's new online music service sold more than 1 million songs during its first week of operation, the company said Monday.
Two of Collins' top assistants will consult with state police during the investigation and determine if any federal laws were violated, he said Friday.
Protesters chanted, Tapping our phones, reading our mail, the LEIU should go to jail, put on small skits and danced to drumbeats.
Powers said almost all supercomputer users would rather pay the $100,000 to $10 million for a supercomputer than try to build their own.
The supermarket chains have used managers and replacement workers to keep their stores open, often at reduced hours.
In 2002, the chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee took in $18,009 from moonlighting as a songwriter, according to his latest Senate financial disclosure.
The exact number of passengers on the ferry was not known and may never be determined because ferry operators typically do not keep accurate passenger manifests.
Handspring employees are expected to move to Palm Solutions Group headquarters in Milpitas, Calif.
Still, Jessica Biel (formerly of the WB’s “7th Heaven”) brings an athletic intensity to the role of Leatherface’s last elusive victim.
Arifin has disclosed . . . that he is involved with a group of like-minded individuals in planning terrorist attacks against certain targets in Thailand.
A New Castle County woman has become the first Delaware patient to contract the West Nile virus this year, the state's Department of Health reported.
It generated $4.47 billion of profit and $20 billion of revenue in the year's first half, 53 percent of Citigroup's totals.
Advancers outnumbered decliners 1,821 to 1,199 on the New York Stock Exchange on volume of just over 480 million shares.
Haemochromatosis is a disorder in which people absorb excessive amounts of iron which can lead to organ damage.
Ernst & Young admitted no wrongdoing with the settlement.
During the hearing, Morales expressed sincere regrets and remorse for his actions.
The plan would likely result in the election of 22 Republicans and 10 Democrats from Texas, versus the current 17 Democrats and 15 Republicans, officials say.
Potter added that sales of grocery and other consumer packaged products are the strongest but sales of discretionary items such as decorative accessories are still weak.
Gov. Don Carcieri said the ruling shows that state taxation laws apply on the tribe's sales activities.
Viacom's lawyers say Spike is a common name that doesn't necessarily prompt thoughts of the 46-year-old film director.
While a critical success, Luhrmann's opulent production of the Puccini opera will end with losses of about $US6 million ($A9.2 million).
Instead of pursuing the most imminent and real threats - international terrorists, Graham said, this Bush administration chose to settle old scores.
Both companies automate many channels, though XM has some live programming, and Sirius airs live in-studio performances and interviews.
Ray Brent Marsh, 29, also faces charges of abuse of a body, and theft.
But other sources close to the sale said Vivendi was keeping the door open for further bids in the next day or two.
Neither authorities nor Granquist would release identities of the victims pending family notification.
The Davis administration says the state is operating for the first time completely on borrowed money.
Pratt & Whitney had said that if it won the contract 75 per cent of the engine equipment would be outsourced to European suppliers, with final assembly in Germany.
Mr Levine confirmed that Ms Cohen Alon had tried to sell the story during the World Cup.
He had performed outside of Cuba on several occasions, including shows in the United States last year.
It is the first major industrial plant project that Leighton has managed.
The girl turned up late Sunday at a convenience store in East Palo Alto, about 30 miles from her home.
His next play, Will Success Spoil Rock Hunter? a satire on Hollywood, lasted more than a year on Broadway.
Muhammad, 42, is charged in the Oct.
9 slaying of Dean H. Meyers, 53, at a gas station in Manassas.
Cabrera was called up Friday from Double A Carolina and started in left field.
Not surprisingly, broadband nation Korea leads the way in broadband penetration, with approximately 21 broadband subscribers for every 100 inhabitants.
A Connecticut judge Tuesday sentenced a man to 30 years in prison in the death of a teenage girl he met on the Internet.
Federal and local officials, including Bush, saw no apparent sign of terrorism.
Just five months ago, Dean committed to accepting taxpayer money and the spending limits that come with it and vowed to attack any Democrat who didnt.
A tradition of Labor Day racing was established long ago in the Inland Empire.
A church minister was charged yesterday in the death of an 8-year-old autistic boy who suffocated as church leaders tried to heal him at a storefront church.
A Royal Duty is based on his experiences with Diana, Princess of Wales and letters allegedly to and from her.
In creating the game, it was not our intention to target or offend any group or persons or to incite hatred or violence against such groups persons.
Since early May, the city has received 1,400 reports of dead blue jays and crows, Jayroe said.
Passengers on that cruise are to be given a refund and voucher for another trip.
However, FAA spokeswoman Kathleen Bergen said no data indicate that the situation poses safety problems.
The other 18 people in the building, including Harrison's ex-girlfriend, were not injured, police spokesman Don Aaron said.
[They] were defined by dedication and courage, said the CIA's director George Tenet.
The Democratic Republic of Congo's war began in 1998 when Uganda and Rwanda invaded together to back rebels trying to topple Kinshasa.
He was joined by Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justices Antonin Scalia and Clarence Thomas.
The firewall in the current Windows XP was known as the Internet Connection Firewall (ICF).
Intel spokesman Dan Francisco said the chip maker is looking into the issue, but declined to elaborate.
In the total external disk storage system market, McArthur said revenue increased 1.5 percent year-over-year in Q3 to $3.2 billion.
The Bush administration blames the wave of bombings and guerrilla attacks on Saddam loyalists and foreign Muslim militants who have entered Iraq to fight U.S. troops.
Ms. Strayhorn said she has hired a constitutional scholar to assist her staff.
It seems clear the climate is changing, he said, asked to explain the flooding that keeps ravaging the southeast.
He acted as an international executive producer on Who Wants to be a Millionaire and The Weakest Link.
Michaela Cuomo, youngest daughter of Andrew Cuomo and Kerry Kennedy, is 8 months old.
Voyager 2, also launched in 1977, lags some 1.6 billion miles behind Voyager 1.
He said the space program is developing antisatellite weapons and robotic space weapons, but said he did not think that the Shenzhou V had military applications.
He hugged his lawyers and their assistants and then said, Thank you so much.
He was arrested in Atlanta, Georgia, on Monday night by police acting on a tip-off.
The administration's hope is that by increasing the efficiency of older coal-fired plants - the most affected segment - more power can be produced more cheaply.
Forecasters said warnings might go up for Cuba later Thursday.
This case is wholly without merit, both factually and legally, Judge Denny Chin scoffed.
Two hours earlier, they had recovered the body of Melissa Rogers, 33, of Liberty, Mo.
Advances in AIDS treatments in recent years, some experts say, may be undermining efforts to promote safer-sex practices.
Attorneys for the defense and media have filed documents opposing a gag order.
The picture changes slightly should New York Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton end up as the Democratic presidential candidate.
In my mind this is not an issue on the horizon right now, he was quoted as saying.
The Dow Jones industrial average rose 98.74 points, or 1.12 percent, to 8,949.00.
Newly appointed chief executive Mark McInnes has already said that capping costs would be the number one issue David Jones would tackle as a result of the review.
As expected, Dean led the field in the second quarter with $7.6 million raised.
Ms O'Hare will take time off from studying history at New York University to be in Australia during October for national breast cancer awareness week.
There is only one drug on the market for macular degeneration, and it is approved to treat only one subtype that represents a minority of cases.
BA shares were up 0.59 percent at 170 pence in early afternoon trading, slightly outpacing London's FTSE 100 Index which was up 0.28 percent.
Glover said the killer used a ``peculiar slipknot,'' including a coaxial cable and an extension cord, to strangle some of the victims.
Nick Markakis, a left-hander from Young Harris Junior College in Georgia, went to the Orioles with the seventh pick.
At the Pentagon, the Department of Defense's Inspector General has separately been asked to investigate how the telecom licences were awarded.
The American Anglican Council, which represents Episcopalian conservatives, said it will seek authorization to create a separate province in North America because of last week's actions.
I would rather be talking about positive numbers rather than negative.
Forest, the Freedom Organisation for the Right to Enjoy Smoking Tobacco, said it had greeted The Lancet's call with amusement and disbelief'.
There are 103 Democrats in the Assembly and 47 Republicans.
On the other hand, if this will help further establish Steve's innocence, we welcome it.
In central Chungchong province, a landslide caused a Seoul-bound Saemaeul Express train to derail, injuring 28 people, local television said.
Tony's not feeling well, Spurs coach Gregg Popovich said.
The CWA, which represents more than 2,300 Comcast employees, called that excessive when a typical union employee makes about $27,000 a year.
British police arrested 21 people early Tuesday in connection with the suspected ritual murder of an African boy whose torso was found in the Thames River.
The committee was appointed by Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld under orders from Congress.
Police advised residents Friday not to travel alone to convenience stores and to be watchful.
The Texas congressional delegation now is 17-15 Democratic.
The reports are among several published this week in the Journal of Allergy and Clinical Immunology.
In morning trading, the Dow Jones industrial average was up 40.12, or 0.5 percent, at 8,571.69, having fallen 51 points Monday.
The cables can carry far more power, and can be turned on and off like water spigots, making billing more accurate, Taub said.
Our policies are well-known, and I'm not aware of any changes in policy on Iran, Powell said.
With the purge, Siebel will have cut 2,400 employees - or nearly one-third of its workforce - since the end of 2001.
He said some issues _ such as division break-up _ really can only be resolved if and when the conference is expanded.
One question was whether France, which infuriated Washington by leading the charge against U.N. authorization for the war, would vote Yes or abstain.
Simon Property's shares rose 42 cents to $39.45 at the close of New York Stock Exchange trading Tuesday.
She said she didn't know yet whether she would certify the budget.
Five-year notes US5YT=RR added 2/32 to give a yield of 3.10 percent from 3.12 percent.
Huge fires in Arizona and Colorado scorched forests where portions of projects meant to reduce the fire threat were tied up in appeals.
A photograph of the doctor's son, Ariel, holding the guitar appeared in the National Enquirer two weeks after Harrison's death.
Swedish telecom equipment maker Ericsson (nasdaq: QCOM - news - people) jumped $2.88, or 15.7 percent, to $21.28.
His 1996 Chevrolet Tahoe was found abandoned in a Virginia Beach, Va., parking lot June 25.
Ms Grinspun's concerns came after two emergency room nurses tried to warn doctors at the hospital in mid-May that five family members had SARS-like symptoms.
Armstrong, 31, battled testicular cancer that spread to his brain.
Lee said Brianna had dragged food, toys and other things into the bedroom.
Malvo, 18, is charged in the fatal shooting of FBI analyst Linda Franklin outside a Home Depot store in Falls Church.
Some 660 prisoners from 42 countries are being held at the Naval base at Guantanamo Bay, many captured during the war against Al Qaeda in Afghanistan.
Results from No. 2 U.S. soft drink maker PepsiCo Inc. (nyse: PEP - news - people) were likely to be in the spotlight.
The two Democrats on the five-member FCC held a news conference to sway opinion against Powell and the panel's two other Republicans.
They found that 18 percent of the men who took finasteride, or 803 men, developed prostate cancer.
We believe that it is not necessary to have a divisive confirmation fight over a Supreme Court appointment, Daschle wrote.
MySQL AB on Tuesday announced that it had ported its open-source database to the HP-UX operating system on the 64-bit Intel Itanium 2 processor.
The discovery that the MAP bug is present in the vast majority of Crohn's sufferers means it is almost certainly causing the intestinal inflammation, it said in a statement.
A federal judge yesterday struck down the national do-not-call registry slated to take effect Oct.
1, ruling the Federal Trade Commission had no authority to create the list.
Larger rivals, including Tesco and Sainsbury’s, were excluded from the bid battle following a Competition Commission inquiry last month.
In afternoon trading in Europe, France's CAC-40 rose 1.5 percent, Britain's FTSE 100 gained 0.3 percent and Germany's DAX index advanced 1.2 percent.
Pearson, led by Marjorie Scardino, the chief executive, publishes its interim results this week.
Tornadoes, up to a foot of rain and hail as big as cantaloupes pounded southern Nebraska and northern Kansas, killing one man and destroying at least four homes.
The euro is up 9 percent against the dollar in the past six weeks.
They included Global Crossing, Akamai Technologies, Ask Jeeves, Copper Mountain Networks, Etoys and VA Linux.
It will be followed in November by a third movie, The Matrix Revolutions.
Andrew Sugden, an evolutionary biology expert and international managing editor of Science, described the find as a milestone . . . this research has broken the size barrier for rodents.
The Swedish central bank cut interest rates by 50 basis points to 3.0 percent.
Conway called the move atrociously bad behaviour from a company with a history of atrociously bad behaviour.
The goal will be to reduce congestion by upgrading road, building tollways, facilitating public transit or any other means to improve mobility.
It says the intervention force will confiscate weapons, reform the police, strengthen the courts and prison system and protect key institutions such as the Finance Ministry.
To watch pay television, consumers would insert into the set a security card provided by their cable service.
Relief is in sight for Texans saddled with skyrocketing homeowners insurance premiums.
We're asphyxiating,' '' said Sam Granato, chief of the Kingsville police.
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI fell 86.56 points, or 0.94 percent, to 9,109.99, after giving up more than 1 percent earlier.
The write-down will cut a quarter of a penny per share from second-quarter earnings, according to Coca-Cola.
It warned that London, among a number of other cities, was facing an increasing threat of a suicide bomb attack.
Bremer said he would launch a $70-million program in the next two weeks to clean up neighborhoods across Iraq and build community projects, but gave no details.
After the other inmate fell, Selenski used the mattress to scale a 10-foot, razor-wire fence, Fischi said.
The new 25-member Governing Council's first move was to scrap holidays honoring Saddam and his party and to create a public holiday marking the day of his downfall.
It is wasting both water and money, Ortega said Tuesday.
About 1,000 people attended the ceremony, kicking off two days of observances tied to the March on Washington.
The Aspen Fire had charred more than 12,400 acres by today on Mount Lemmon just north of Tucson, and more than 250 homes had been destroyed.
Identical wording was introduced in the Senate last week by three Republicans: Wayne Allard of Colorado, Jeff Sessions of Alabama and Sam Brownback of Kansas.
Hussein loyalists have been blamed for sabotaging the nation's infrastructure and attacking US soldiers.
It's a waste of water and money, said Adan Ortega, a Metropolitan vice president.
He is a brother to three-year-old Mia, from Kate's first marriage, to film producer Jim Threapleton.
State Police were investigating, Vazzi said.
PRESIDENT Yoweri Museveni has promoted Brigadier Aronda Nyakairima to Major General and named him Army Commander.
Only one of the five buildings in the compound in Baghdad run by the UN Development Program, escaped being burned, the UN said on its Web site.
The free world and those who love freedom and peace must deal harshly with Hamas and the killers, he told reporters as he emerged from a church service.
It fell 0.5 percent after UBS downgraded it to neutral from buy, citing valuation.
U.S. Capitol Police Chief Terrance Gainer said ``two staff members bringing in Halloween costumes'' were responsible.
The two others, former Dynegy executives Helen Christine Sharkey, 31, and Gene Shannon Foster, 44, pleaded guilty Tuesday to one count of conspiracy to commit securities fraud.
At least five class-action lawsuits have been filed on behalf of hormone users.
It seems to me you're trying to protect privacy of theft, she said to Barr.
For the full 12-month period ending June 30, advanced services lines of all technology types increased by 56 percent.
The average teacher is a 15-year veteran with a growing workload and slightly eroding interest in staying in teaching, the work force portrait shows.
Witness Zulfiqar Ali, who was slightly wounded by shrapnel, said the attackers had focused on the mosque's guards.
LLEYTON Hewitt yesterday traded his tennis racquet for his first sporting passion – Australian rules football – as the world champion relaxed ahead of his Wimbledon defence.
They will not elect as president a Democrat who sounds an uncertain trumpet in these dangerous times.
The National Association of Purchasing Management-Chicago's factory index increased to 58.9 from 55.9 in July.
Greg Robinson, a doctor who has AIDS, resigned from Health Canada's advisory committee because of what he described as inconsistencies in the access program.
Hovan did not speak, but his lawyer, John Speranza, said his client did not wake up that day intending to hurt anyone.
It's also a strategic win for Overture, given that Knight Ridder had the option of signing on Google's services.
It's amazing to be part of an industry that rewards its young, said Hernandez, who only graduated from Parsons School of Design last May.
The seven other nations in the initiative are Britain, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Poland, Portugal and Spain.
Brigitte's maternal aunt said his family was unaware he had been sent to prison, or that he had remarried in Sydney.
Egyptologists cast doubt Tuesday on an expedition's claim that it may have found the mummy of Queen Nefertiti, one of the best-known ancient Egyptians.
Xerox itself paid a $10 million fine last year to settle similar SEC charges.
Chief executive Tung Chee-hwa doesn't answer to the people of Hong Kong.
A charter plane crashed in Turkey on Monday, killing all 75 people aboard, including 62 Spanish peacekeepers returning from Afghanistan, officials said.
The tour plans to make stops in 103 cities before rallying in Washington on Oct.
1-2, and in New York City on Oct.
3-4.
Broomhead was assigned to 2nd Squadron, 3rd Armor Cavalry Regiment, based at Fort Carson.
Scotland Yard said in a statement it had charged a 46-year-old man and two women aged 27 and 35 with failing to disclose information about acts of terrorism.
Gary Nicklaus, the 34-year-old son of Jack Nicklaus who is playing on a sponsor's exemption, birdied five of his first nine holes before faltering to a 69.
Two of his cousins members of the Jordanian royal family have been mentioned as possible contenders to the throne.
It's a cluster of 44 IBM servers with a peak speed of 7.3 trillion calculations per second.
Greg Parseghian was appointed the new chief executive.
And she has a boyfriend, officials said: Sgt. Ruben Contreras, who sat with her family today.
About 38,000 OGE Energy Corp. customers are without power, the company said on its Web site.
The two other national rating agencies are waiting to take action.
The court case does not involve another rule that that allows cell customers to keep their phone numbers when they switch wireless companies.
The global death toll from SARS was at least 767, with more than 8,300 people sickened since the virus first appeared in southern China in November.
In Sweden, 99 percent of women are literate while at the other end of the scale, only eight percent of women in Niger are literate.
The inquiry may hinder Chief Executive Phil Condit's strategy of bolstering defense-related sales during a slump in jetliner deliveries.
And if estimates hold, it will mark the first time in history that five films grossed more than $20 million each in one weekend.
The other 24 members are split between representatives of the securities industry and so-called public board members.
Moore had no immediate comment Tuesday.
Microsoft has released a critical update for its newly released office suite, Office 2003.
A Trillian representative did not return an e-mail requesting comment.
The American Soldier was first selected as Times Person of the Year during the Korean War in 1950.
Bashir felt he was being tried by opinion not on the facts, Mahendradatta told Reuters.
A Caesarean had originally been planned in mid- November, two weeks early.
McDonald's said in a statement that it does not import any raw beef or hamburger patties from Canada for use in the United States.
The survey also found that executives who feel that current economic conditions have improved rose to 35 per cent from 15 per cent last quarter.
In exchange for new tax breaks, it would remove $55 billion of tax subsidies for exporters that are illegal under international trade law.
Shares of Allergan fell 14 cents to close at $78.12 on the New York Stock Exchange (news - web sites).
The Transportation Department survey of 60,000 people, conducted in 2001 and 2002, found 91 percent of people who commute use their own cars or trucks.
Furthermore, Mr Bremer said that as many as 200 operatives from the extremist group Ansar al Islam had slipped back into the country since May 1.
But Advani said Pakistan should prove its sincerity by handing over suspects wanted by New Delhi in connection with previous bombings in India.
One of the latest shootings was at a car on Sunday on I-270, Franklin County sheriff's Chief Deputy Steve Martin said.
Ms. Johnson's site is www.katyjohnson .com.
Mr. Max's is www.tuckermax.com.
Following ATP's notification by Hewitt's lawyers that action was pending, it issued another statement in April which Hewitt has added to his suit.
Volodymyr Gorbanovsky, deputy general director of the plane's owners, Mediterranean Airlines, said it appeared to have veered from its flight path because of the fog.
The European Union is threatening trade sanctions unless the subsidies are repealed.
Knight had 29 interceptions in his six years with the Saints, including 17 the last three seasons.
Eighty-six U.N. workers who were wounded in Tuesday's bombing were airlifted out for medical care.
White House spokesman Scott McClellan called the Padilla ruling troubling and flawed.
Each boy weighed less than 50 pounds when they were removed from the home Oct.
10.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC declined 16.68 points, or 1.01 percent, at 1,636.94.
Joan B. Kroc, the billionaire widow of McDonald's Corp. founder Ray Kroc, died Sunday after a brief bout with brain cancer.
MediaQ's customers include major handheld makers Mitsubishi, Siemens, Palm, Sharp, Philips, Dell and Sony.
Justice Clarence Thomas, joined by fellow conservative Justice Antonin Scalia, dissented.
In Texas, public watchdog groups opposed Mr. Bush's efforts to house his papers at his father's presidential library, where they would have remained secret for a half-century.
Officials at Brandeis said this was an extremely heartrending time for the campus.
Under the U.S. Constitution, the other chamber of Congress, the House of Representatives, does not vote on foreign alliances.
The first products will likely be dongles costing $100 to $150 that will establish connections between consumer electronics devices and PCs.
The intelligence service, headed by Mr. Fujimori's spy chief, Vladimiro Montesinos, was accused of tortures, drug trafficking and disappearances.
The 30-year bond was down 14/32 to yield 4.92 percent, up from 4.89 percent on Thursday but off an earlier yield high of 4.95 percent.
A suburban Chicago man was arrested Wednesday on charges of secretly gathering information on Iraqi opposition figures as an unregistered agent of Saddam Hussein's intelligence service.
That obligation to pay rent continues unabated notwithstanding the heinous attacks of Sept.
11 and the destruction of 1 World Trade Center, the suit says.
In Taiwan, officials handed out free thermometers in an island-wide ``take-your-temperature'' campaign amid signs containment efforts were paying off.
None of Prairie Plant's marijuana can be distributed until the Health Canada's user manual is made available, she said.
One man died and 15 others were hospitalized after drinking tainted coffee following the April 27 worship service at Gustaf Adolph Lutheran Church in New Sweden.
For instance, the core Java Enterprise System will cost $100 per employee in the US.
In its statement, the bank said it believed the long-term prospects for the energy sector in the United Kingdom remain attractive.
Media giant Vivendi Universal EAUG.PA V.N set to work sifting through bids for its U.S. entertainment empire on Monday in a multibillion-dollar auction of some of Hollywood's best-known assets.
After a weak start, the Dow Jones Industrial Average ended the day up 26.26 to 9,217.35, while the S&P 500 index rose 3 to 980.59.
He really left us with a smile on his face and no last words, daughter Linda Hope said.
The federal courts have ruled that the monument violates the constitutional ban against state-established religion.
Mitchell Garabedian, an attorney representing many young men who have claimed they were molested by Geoghan, said he was shocked and surprised to hear of the jail death.
Troubled Devil Rays prospect Josh Hamilton's promising future is in doubt after an announcement Monday he will miss the season because of unspecified personal problems.
Lesser rewards of $15 million each were offered for the same information about his sons, Uday and Qusay.
Ahold Chairman Henny de Ruiter offered shareholders at the meeting his sincere apologies for the scandal.
The last month has been a whirlwind for an 18-year-old who led his high school team to the Ohio state championship.
September and third-quarter data confirm that demand in the global semiconductor market is rising briskly, George Scalise, the SIA's president, said in the statement.
Paul Durousseau, 30, was charged Tuesday with murder in five slayings between December and February, and also is suspected of a 1997 killing in the state of Georgia.
Sixty-five probable cases of SARS have been identified in the United States, along with 255 suspected cases.
PG&E Corp. shares jumped $1.63 or 8 percent to $21.03 on the New York Stock Exchange on Friday.
A leading U.K. medical journal called Friday for a complete ban on tobacco, prompting outrage from smokers' groups.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX was down 0.04 points, or 0 percent, at 971.52.
Steverson said Williams, who was white, was a racist.
PNC regrets its involvement in the deals, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer James Rohr said in a statement.
He said the local organized crime police were investigating a suspect, but he would not confirm if it was the 24-year-old cited by Bitdefender.
Last week, a national study ranked Nissan's Smyrna plant the most productive in North America.
The horrific nature of the attacks is often fueled by a mix of tribal hatreds and a desire to spread terror in the region.
The report by the independent expert committee aims to dissipate any suspicion about the Hong Kong government's handling of the SARS crisis.
The indictment follows a criminal complaint filed by federal prosecutors on April 23.
Right now it looks to me like it's going to be manageable, he said.
He added Democrats are not going to make progress if we dont broaden the tent.
Under Kansas law, it is illegal for children under the age of 16 to have sexual relations.
Mr. Stevens has also told his officers that information from British intelligence indicates there are more al Qaeda agents in Britain than previously thought.
The plan would cost the state $170 million per year over the next 30 years.
IDEC shareholders would own 50.5 percent of the stock of the combined company, and Biogen shareholders the remaining 49.5 percent.
Tyco later said the loan had not been forgiven, and Swartz repaid it in full, with interest, according to his lawyer, Charles Stillman.
The government recently shelved peace talks with the MILF, being brokered by Malaysia, after a string of attacks, including three bombings, on Mindanao.
Several children, including the 8-year-old, went down to the water's edge to play in the surf.
I'm amazed at how many people think there is a silver bullet for security, he said.
Each week 138 million shoppers visit Wal-Mart's 4,750 stores.
We have sent a new message out to the nation — that this is a new Louisiana.
The rovers act as robotic geologists, moving on six wheels.
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI rose 41.61 points, or 0.44 percent, to 9,415.82.
In fact, I was physically sick several times at this stage, because he looked so desperate, she said.
There are no suspects in the shooting, which took place around 9:15 p.m. on Wednesday at East 126th Street and Fifth Avenue, the police said.
Taiwan reported 22 new cases, for a total of 360 with 13 deaths.
The government has chosen three companies to develop plans to protect commercial aircraft from shoulder-fired missile attacks, homeland security officials announced Tuesday.
Prospects for the whole Canadian aerospace industry are improving with recent developments contributing to the enhancement of the aircraft financing capability in this country, Mr. Tellier said.
In my mind this is not an issue on the horizon right now.
A conviction could bring a maximum penalty of 10 years in prison and a $250,000 fine.
Two Inland Valley lawmakers revealed it might be possible for Democrats to entice some Republicans to support a tax hike.
Shares of Corixa fell 12 cents to $6.88 on the Nasdaq stock market.
In the ensuing gun battle two Palestinian militants were killed and 17 people were wounded.
Southwest said its traffic was up 4.6 percent in the quarter on a capacity increase of 4.2 percent.
The defense said the woman testified under an immunity deal protecting her from punishment for lying and other violations of the academy's honor code.
The man wasn't on the ice, but trapped in the rapids, swaying in an eddy about 250 feet from the shore.
Other staff members, however, defended the document, saying it would still help policy-makers and the agency improve efforts to address the climate issue.
But 62% of Catholics live in Africa, Asia and Latin America.
Dave Tomlin, AP's assistant general counsel, said the parties are deciding whether to appeal the order.
But the reality is that there needs to be a big structural change, she added, and you can't do that without funding.
Her lawyer Donald Levine told The Telegraph she had been offered $US250,000 to tell her story exclusively to Australian TV.
The shares fell 72 cents, or 3.8 percent, to $18.34 Monday on the New York Stock Exchange.
Mr. Bremer said Iran continued to interfere in fledgling political reconstruction, including Tehran s intelligence service.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index was down 25.36 points, or 1.53 percent, at 1,628.26.
The union said it would reveal later which chain would be targeted.
Long lines formed Sunday outside gas stations and people rushed to get money from cash machines as Israelis braced for the strike's effects.
Assessment of current business conditions improved substantially, the Conference Board said, jumping to 55 from 40 in the first quarter.
The gloves are off, said UNIFI official Rob O'Neill.
Judge Harold Baer concluded Wednesday that lawyers for two victims have shown, albeit barely ... that Iraq provided material support to bin Laden and al-Qaida.
The case has been ready to go for some time, said Dahle, a spokesman for the Birmingham office.
The union had not yet revealed which chain would be targeted.
Novell is acquiring SuSe Linux in a $210 million cash deal subject to regulatory approval.
Schwarzenegger picks up more independents and crossover voters than Bustamante.
The CFTC has been investigating several energy companies, including at least three Colorado companies, for manipulating energy markets by reporting false natural-gas trading prices to industry publications.
The program will grow to include ports in Dubai, Turkey and Malaysia, among others.
Pines said he would convene the relevant party bodies within 10 days to discuss whether new elections would be held or whether a temporary leader would be appointed.
The year-ago comparisons were restated to include Compaq results.
Although deeply disapproved of in the Soviet Union, the Beatles popularity knew no bounds and far outreached any other Western rock music.
The greenback scored beefy gains against the euro, yen and Swiss franc despite weaker-than-expected September U.S. retail sales figures.
Powell is serving time in a different case -- killing his landlady in 1982.
Last year, he made his first foray into public politics, running a successful proposition campaign to secure state funding for after-school programs.
A 14 percent slide in crude prices this month and expectations of a build up in oil inventories compounded OPEC's fears of a further softening of the market.
The Chelsea defender Marcel Desailly has been the latest to speak out.
Economists said the announcement was not a surprise, and politicians said it offered little comfort to the millions of Americans without jobs.
The MDC called the strike to force Mr Mugabe to either resign or negotiate a settlement of the Zimbabwe crisis.
The weather service estimated that between two and three inches of rain hit Kanawha and Nicholas counties between midnight and noon Monday.
Smiledge said he hasn't spoken with his son in eight years and wants nothing to do with him.
Carlton Dotson, a teammate who lives in Hurlock, Md., said he talked to police Friday but was instructed not to talk about the case.
The new company will be named Interwoven and will be headquartered in Sunnyvale.
The charges allege that he was part of the conspiracy to kill and kidnap persons in a foreign country.
Kevin Rollins, Dell's president, received $770,962 in salary and a bonus of just more than $2 million in fiscal 2003.
Sutherland, 65, was a co-founder of Evans & Sutherland, an early maker of high-performance computers.
Mohcine Douali, who lives in the centre of Algiers, said: It was a great shock.
Negotiators said Friday they made progress during their latest round of free-trade negotiations between the United States and five Central American countries this week in Houston.
The Mets took Lastings Milledge, an outfielder from Florida, with the 12th pick.
He later found out the alarming incident had been caused by Concorde's powerful sonic boom.
He urged member states that contribute police and soldiers to U.N. peacekeeping operations to provide more women.
The Arizona-based ISM reported Monday that its non-manufacturing index rose to 50.7 last month, from 47.9 in March.
The Government shut down in Washington, and federal offices were to remain closed yesterday.
No country seems likely to oppose proposals for a long-term European Council president, replacing the current rotating presidency, as well as an EU foreign minister.
As stark as the numbers themselves, is the conundrum they highlight: the growing difficulty of classifying racial and ethnic categories in an increasingly fluid and multi-ethnic society.
Mr. Woodley died Sunday at age 44 of liver and kidney failure in his native Shreveport, La.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX gave up 11.91 points, or 1.19 percent, at 986.60.
The administration cited those links as primary justification for invading Iraq and toppling the regime of Saddam Hussein.
Still, changes to IE may affect a large number of existing Web pages, according to the W3C's notice.
President George Bush and top administration officials cited the threat from Iraq's banned weapons programs as the main justification for war.
But Cruz resembled a police sketch of the suspect and had injuries consistent with what police expected from the struggle he had with the girl's mother, Lansdowne said.
The new effort, Taxpayers Against the Recall, will be formally launched Wednesday outside a Sacramento fire station.
The Association of South East Asian Nations groups Brunei, Cambodia, Indonesia, Laos, Malaysia, Myanmar, the Philippines, Singapore, Thailand, and Vietnam.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was down 1.55 points, or 0.09 percent, at 1,744.91.
The Cavaliers won the right Thursday to select James in the June 26 draft.
A Commerce spokesman issued a brief statement late Friday, noting that the task force evaluated regions of the world that are vital to global energy supply.
Both sets of findings were presented Dec.
1 at the annual meeting of the Radiological Society of North America in Chicago.
It may suggest that the exchange give up its regulatory powers.
Gamarekian told The News she remembers only the woman's first name - and refused to reveal it.
Under current law, dividends are taxed at standard income tax rates up to 38.6 percent.
A statement from the allied command said that the raid was part of the continued effort to eradicate Baath Party loyalists, paramilitary groups and other subversive elements.
Its closest living relatives are a family frogs called sooglossidae that are found only in the Seychelles in the Indian Ocean.
Morales, who pleaded guilty in July, expressed sincere regret and remorse for his crimes.
At Tuesday's arraignment hearing, Marsh pleaded not guilty to 122 counts of burial service fraud and 47 counts of making false statements.
Ride, astronauts Story Musgrave, Robert Hoot Gibson and Daniel Brandenstein will enter the hall of fame together.
Tomorrow the book, kept under wraps by G. P. Putnam's Sons since its inception, will appear in bookstores.
McKnight's lawyers say there is no proof her cocaine use caused the child's death.
Berry repeated that performance with his second wife, whom he married and divorced twice (most recently in 1991).
The board did so, and accepted that resignation, said the chairman of the exchange's compensation committee, H. Carl McCall.
Spending on research and development is expected to be $4.4 billion for the year, compared with the previous expectation of $4.3 billion.
Duque will return to Earth Oct.
27 with the station's current crew, U.S. astronaut Ed Lu and Russian cosmonaut Yuri Malenchenko.
Those hot, dry Santa Ana winds and minimal humidity created optimal conditions for raging fires in at least 10 places that have already burned nearly 200,000 acres.
Merck plans to spin off all the shares of Medco to company shareholders in the third quarter.
The UAW earlier this week reached tentative agreements, also for four years, with Ford Motor Co., DaimlerChrysler AG's Chrysler Group and supplier Visteon Corp.
In a televised interview on Wednesday, ECB President Wim Duisenberg said it was too soon to discuss further interest rate cuts in the 12-nation euro zone.
Last year the court upheld Cleveland's school voucher program, ruling 5-4 that vouchers are constitutional if they provide parents a choice of religious and secular schools.
In Lytle Creek Canyon, the rain caused several mudslides, including a 4-foot-high flow across a road that trapped a car.
Only one of the five buildings in the Baghdad compound of the United Nations Development Program escaped being burned, the UN said on its Web site.
Dick is going to be there as long as Dick wants to be there.
He will leave Hollesley Bay open prison at Woodbridge, Suffolk, on Monday, July 21.
I mean, these are violent surgeries, and I wanted to properly convey that.
Rescue workers arriving to February's deadly fire at a West Warwick nightclub met a horrific scene, as people trapped in the club's doorway screamed for help.
A search for three missing teenagers uncovered at least two bodies buried beneath freshly poured concrete in the basement of a house, authorities said Wednesday.
The army said the raid, which comes just days after Israeli troops shot and killed Abdullah Kawasme, the Hamas leader in the city, targeted militants in Hamas.
SIRTF is the last of NASA's so-called Great Observatories.
The number of hostnames using BSD is nearing four million, while the number of active sites is nearly two million, Netcraft said.
Governor Gray Davis estimated yesterday that the fires could cost nearly $2 billion.
Hatab suffered a broken hyoid bone, a U-shaped bone that supports the tongue.
The two cases concerned the admissions policies of the University of Michigan's law school and undergraduate college.
The judge said Congress is the best forum for weighing the prescription drug importation issue.
Mallard's friend, Clete Jackson, and his cousin, Herbert Tyrone Cleveland, pleaded guilty last year to dumping Biggs' body.
If sufficient evidence exists at the end of what is expected to be a five-day hearing, Peterson will be held for trial on the charges.
The acquisition has been approved by both companies' board of directors and is expected to close in the third quarter this year.
He said the prob lem needs to be corrected before the space shuttle fleet flies again.
Five pools contained no traces of disinfectant at all.
It has been named Colymbosathon ecplecticos, which means astounding swimmer with a large penis.
They were being held Sunday in the Camden County Jail on $100,000 bail.
Seven Air Force Academy cadets face punishment for allegedly drinking with two high school girls.
The new system costs between $1.1 million and $22 million, depending on configuration.
The group has the support of about 215 churches and an estimated 25 bishops.
Last week, Nur al-Din Muliff, a 36-year-old of North African origin, was arrested in the southern coastal town of Eastbourne.
It is the highest reading since the index was created in August 1997.
Thousands of revellers, celebrating the decision, vowed to push for more legal rights, including same-sex marriages.
News of the Hebron incident filtered out as Mr Sharon was facing the hardline central committee of his Likud Party in Jerusalem.
A member of the rap group So Solid Crew threw away a loaded gun during a police chase, Southwark Crown Court was told yesterday.
The biggest threat to order seemed to be looting and crime, including robberies by some of the prisoners freed by Saddam before the war.
President Bush called the blackout a wake-up call for Americans about the nation's outdated power grid.
Preliminary reports were that the men were not seen together at the airport, sources said.
Milberg Weiss Bershad Hynes & Lerach filed the lawsuit, which seeks class-action status, on behalf of the Southern Alaska Carpenters Pension Fund in federal court in Manhattan.
Site Finder has been visited 65 million times since its introduction, Galvin said.
There's no reason for you to keep your skills up, the judge told the convicted crack cocaine kingpin.
Florida legislators return today for a special session in which they're expected to pass a compromise bill aimed at lowering doctors' medical malpractice insurance rates.
Gates says he wants to see independent e-mail trust authorities who establish and maintain commercial email guidelines, certify senders who follow the guidelines, and resolve customer disputes.
New cases might continue to appear until the stratospheric supply of the causative agent becomes exhausted, they said.
The impact of natural-gas shortages will touch virtually every American, Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham warned yesterday.
Chest tightness after exercise and overall prevalence of asthma were also linked to the total amount of time spent at indoor pools.
Frank Quattrone, the former Credit Suisse First Boston technology investment-banking guru, reportedly pleaded not guilty Tuesday to charges of obstruction of justice and witness tampering.
Scribner's body was found floating in the city's Portage Bay, where he lived with his wife in a houseboat.
The euro tagged another record high against the dollar on Tuesday as demand for higher-yielding euro-based assets overshadowed solid U.S. economic data.
Of course I want to win again, but I think is worse when you never won before because you are very anxious, he says.
Both figures were below consensus expectations, but August sales were revised to a 1.2 percent increase from a previously reported 0.6 percent gain, fueling a dollar rally.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average [$INDU] ended at session highs, gaining 64.64 points, or 0.7 percent, to 9,191.09.
The Justice Department Aug.
19 gave pre-clearance for the Oct.
7 date for the election to recall Gov. Gray Davis, saying it would not affect minority voting rights.
Three American warships are off the Liberian coast carrying a total of 2,300 marines.
As Sayliyah was the command base for the Iraq war, but hundreds who ran the war have returned to the United States.
Amrozi did not reveal, and was not asked, the identity of his boss.
News that oil producers were lowering their output starting in November exacerbated a sell-off that was already under way on Wall Street.
The company emphasized that McDonald's USA does not import any raw beef or hamburger patties from Canada for McDonald's use in the United States.
Annan said terrorism would only be defeated if we act to solve the longstanding conflicts which generate support for it.
Together, we will find creative ways to communicate the unique strengths of Kmart to the 'new America' consumer.
Tens of thousands of demonstrators gathered yesterday evening to stand before this city's legislature building and call for free elections and the resignation of Hong Kong's leader.
The most recent recession was short and shallow relative to the nine others, averaging 11 months, that occurred since World War II.
Justice Minister Martin Cauchon and Prime Minister Jean Chretien both have said the government will introduce legislation to decriminalize possession of small amounts of pot.
Evidence suggests two of the victims were taken by surprise, while the other two might have tried to flee or to defend themselves or the others, police said.
A command is sent to Mars Express to release Beagle 2 by what is known as a Spin-Up and Eject Mechanism.
He will replace Ron Dittemore, who announced his resignation April 23.
The woman felt threatened and went to the magistrate's office, police said.
I'm not going to be sponsoring it because it's not our proposal, but I'm not responding to it in a negative way, he said.
Along with chip.m.aker Intel, the companies include Sony Corp., Microsoft Corp., Hewlett-Packard Co., International Business Machines Corp., Gateway Inc., Nokia Corp. and others.
It is expected to reach Earth about 3 p.m.
EDT Friday, and its effects could last 12 to 18 hours.
Under NASD regulations, Mr. Young can file a response and request a hearing before an NASD panel.
Gillette shares rose $1.45, or 4.5 percent, to $33.95 in afternoon New York Stock Exchange trading.
It will continue its regional service for Delta Air Lines DAL.N , Atlantic Coast said.
The lies and deceptions from Saddam have been well documented over 12 years.
Attorney Patricia Anderson, who represents the Schindlers in the courtroom tug-of-war with their son-in-law, declined to comment on the case.
That fire devastated timber on the reservation, while charring 469,000 acres and destroying 491 homes in surrounding communities.
Allied forces have defeated Saddam's military, moved into his palaces and started to patrol Baghdad.
Instead, bond bulls focus on the fact the Fed has done nothing to dispel market expectations of an easing, either in speeches or through the press.
Kroger's Ralphs chain and Albertsons immediately locked out their grocery workers in a show of solidarity.
Jim Wolfcale, the jury foreman and a minister, said, This case was both mentally challenging and emotionally exhausting.
Athough Prempro pills were used in the study, the researchers say they have no evidence that other brands are safer.
But the subject of oil market debate, Iraq, will not be present, an issue which has rankled Iraqi officials.
Ms. Stewart is being prosecuted not because of who she is, but because of what she did, Comey said.
Two area lawmakers said Democrats might entice some Republicans to support a tax hike.
Tracks can be burned to CDs, but the same playlist may only be burned up to five times.
The California Farm Bureau did not immediately return calls seeking comment.
Jack Ferry, company spokesman, said a search is ongoing but would not comment on the status.
He received a master's in engineering management in 1991 from the University of Central Florida.
Analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call had expected Kodak to earn 68 cents a share for the quarter.
But Davis adviser Roger Salazar said the governor's focus is on his job, not the recall petition.
The artists say the plan will harm French culture and punish those who need help most - performers who have a hard time lining up work.
The only difference is a tuner, a small piece of electronics.
After three months, Atkins dieters had lost an average of 14.7 pounds compared with 5.8 pounds in the conventional group.
PeopleSoft shares were up 4 cents at $16.96 in late morning trade on the Nasdaq.
Moroccan Interior Minister Al Mustapha Sahel said the investigation points to a group that has been arrested recently, an apparent reference to Djihad Salafist.
Foreign Minister Alexander Downer yesterday claimed the group of 14 Kurds had not asked to be considered as refugees when they arrived off Melville Island last week.
Details on pricing will be announced within a few weeks, McBride said.
In late afternoon trade in New York, the euro was down 0.83 percent against the dollar at $1.1633 .
The long-running newsmagazine Dateline NBC has been cut from three to two airings per week and is searching for a replacement for retiring co-anchor Jane Pauley.
He made the same decree in June 2002, but that measure was limited to the southern city of Arequipa amid fatal protests against the privatization of two power firms.
Peterson was almost eight months pregnant when she was reported missing.
A poll showed that the FBI bugging of the mayor had given a boost to his reelection effort against GOP opponent Sam Katz.
The Taiwan Stock Exchange will ask the Securities and Futures Commission (SFC) to suspend trading in Mosel shares.
The island reported another 35 probable cases yesterday, taking its total to 418.
A Comoros islander, he is on the United States' list of most wanted suspects.
Nigeria and other African oil producers are increasingly important in U.S. plans to lessen dependence on Middle Eastern suppliers for its energy security.
Chief financial officer Andy Bryant has said that hike had a greater affect volume than officials expected.
Next week, John S. Reed, the former Citicorp chief executive who Sunday became interim chairman and chief executive of the exchange, will take up his position.
During a screaming match in 1999, Carolyn told John she was still sleeping with Bergin.
He also recruited other people to take delivery of fraudulently obtained merchandise he had ordered.
Schofield got Toepfer to admit on cross-examination that she ignored many of O'Donnell's suggestions and projects.
Thirty-four of the men have been arrested and the others are being sought, US Attorney Daniel Bogden said yesterday.
A rebel who was captured said more than 2,000 insurgents were involved in the attack.
The intelligence service, headed by Fujimori's spy chief, Vladimiro Montesinos, was accused of torture, drug trafficking and disappearances.
At present, the FCC will not request personal identifying information prior to allowing access to the wireless network.
In fresh bloodshed last night, four Palestinian militants were killed by an explosion in the Gaza Strip, Palestinian witnesses and medics said.
A widely praised film of the same name was directed by Wim Wenders.
Many of the victims had been headed home for R&R or emergency leave when they were killed.
Water management officials in Florida were worried about the storm's possible effect on some of their already-swollen rivers and lakes.
Bush, however, also lashed out at the terrorist bombings in Saudi Arabia that killed at least 29 people -- including a number of Americans.
Imam Samudra, 32, is accused of being the field commander of the October 12 attacks that killed 202 people, mostly tourists.
The Democratic governor said the budget passed by the legislature May 9 would reduce or eliminate services to 5,800 developmentally disabled people.
The fact is, this was a program that was built for concealment.
Mr. Bush did not discuss this when he issued a brief statement yesterday thanking the commission for its work, and saying, Our journey into space will go on.
The deal is subject to N2H2 approval and is expected to be complete during the final calendar quarter of 2003.
Their belief was based on speculation that estrogen prevents cell damage and improves blood flow.
Strong Financial released a statement Wednesday night: We are in the process of a thorough internal review.
Police believe Wilson then shot Jennie Mae Robinson once in the head before turning the gun on herself.
Previously, it had reported a small profit of $12 million, or break-even on a per-share basis, for the period.
Just about everything about Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix will set records.
He said the local organized crime police were investigating a suspect, but he would not say if it was Ciobanu.
Ask Jeeves Wednesday announced it plans to sell its enterprise software division, Jeeves Solutions, to Kanisa.
Waksal, in a letter to the court, said: I tore my family apart.
Media giant Vivendi Universal has given itself two weeks to sift through offers for its U.S. entertainment empire in a multi-billion dollar auction of some of Hollywood's best-known assets.
Tennessee Titans quarterback Steve McNair apologized Thursday for his arrest hours earlier in Nashville on suspicion of drunken driving and illegal possession of a handgun.
Now Infogrames has decided to change its name to Atari.
They have been identified by the Tarrant County Medical Examiner's Office as Melena's brother, Angel Melena, 25, and Narcisco Del Angel Lozano, 34.
The Labor Day race for Fontana has gained momentum since the series visited the Speedway for the Auto Club California 500 last April.
The tech-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC eased 5.16 points, or 0.32 percent, at 1,590.75, breaking a six-day string of gains.
Both sets of findings were presented Monday at the annual meeting of the Radiological Society of North America in Chicago.
The WHO has said the Singapore case did not fit its profile of SARS and was not an international public health concern.
On the cell's surface, the foreign components are recognised by other cells that then realise it is infected and kill it.
KBR is left with no option for providing these services from Kuwait other than to continue obtaining them from Altanmia, the document said.
Even as little as 2 or 3 grams of trans fat a day can increase the health risk.
The researchers gave copies of Dr. Atkins' New Diet Revolution to the carb-cutters.
Southwest said it recently exercised remaining options for the delivery of nine Boeing 737-700s next year.
First, it's found in most versions of Windows, including the new Windows Server 2003.
He said investigators have not ruled out the possibility that more than one person was behind the poisonings.
Grass' plea will leave Rite Aid's former vice chairman and chief counsel, Franklin C. Brown, to stand trial alone in federal court starting Monday.
It said the damage to the wing provided a pathway for hot gasses to penetrate the ship's thermal armor during Columbia's ill-fated reentry.
Miss Stewart is being prosecuted not because of who she is but what she did, Mr Comey continued.
Eric Gagne pitched a perfect ninth for his 23rd save in as many opportunities.
Elecia Battle, of Cleveland, told police she dropped her purse as she left the Quick Shop Food Mart last week after buying the ticket.
The Dow Jones industrial average was off 58.69 points, or 0.64 percent, at 9,137.86.
The average American makes four trips a day, 45 percent for shopping or errands.
But the institute says the department ‘‘woefully underestimates’’ the changes that would occur if the proposal is implemented.
This was double the $818 million reported for the first three months of 2001.
Handspring shareholders will get 0.09 shares of the parent company, Palm, Inc., for each share of Handspring common stock they currently own.
Johnston made $5.8 million in salary and bonus in 2001 as president, and as a part-time adviser earned $1 million in 2002.
The group is also offering end user telephone support for $39.95 per incident.
Sirius recently began carrying National Public Radio, a deal pooh-poohed by XM because it doesn't include popular shows like All Things Considered and Morning Edition.
Sony Music's portfolio of products and services currently enable carriers to offer subscribers the ability to download images, ring tones, music videos and other entertainment services.
For the current academic year, tuition at public colleges averaged $4,694, up almost $600 from the year before.
Sanitation is poor... there could be typhoid and cholera, he said.
North American markets grabbed early gains Monday morning, as earnings season begins to slow and economic indicators take the spotlight.
Both shooting victims were rushed to Brookdale University Hospital Medical Center, where they died a short time later.
Both rebels and government forces, including those loyald to Taylor, have been accused of pillaging villages in Liberia's countryside despite a peace deal.
Authorities in Ohio, Indiana and Michigan have searched for the bodies.
But last week the executive committee of the board of trustees gave him a vote of no confidence.
The index, which measures activity in the service sector, climbed to 50.7 last month from 47.9 in March.
The nurse, age 51, worked at North York General Hospital.
Labor Department analysts discounted a slight improvement in the national unemployment rate, which fell in August to 6.1 percent from 6.2 percent.
I'm real excited to be a Cleveland Cavalier, James said.
Jeremy's a good guy, Barber said, adding: Jeremy is living the dream life of the New York athlete.
Still pending against Rambus is a lawsuit brought by the Federal Trade Commission.
Mr. Grassley and Mr. Baucus rejected any disparity in drug benefits.
Kelly Boggs, Baptist Press' weekly columnist, will be writing a column each day during the Southern Baptist Convention's annual meeting this week in Phoenix.
Viles was found dead after the three failed to respond to a routine call to return to their housing units.
On Sunday, four Palestinian militants were killed by an explosion in the northern Gaza Strip.
Talabani told him the Governing Council would need UN assistance and advice in implementing the new decisions which have been taken.
Chapman was not immediately arrested and is expected to appear for arraignment July 3.
Zuccarini was ordered held without bail Wednesday by a federal judge in Fort Lauderdale, Fla.
The S&P 500 and the Nasdaq indexes recorded their third straight week of gains.
For the year, Marvell expects revenue of $760 million to $790 million.
In Toronto, police said they arrested 38 people and reported 114 incidents, mostly for looting and other thefts.
The comment period was to have expired on Monday.
Judge Philpot told Dica: There is no evidence of your remorse.
A police spokesman confirmed: Greater Manchester Police, with the support of the German authorities and the FBI, have arrested Toby Studabaker in Frankfurt, Germany.
Rusch has also allowed five or more earned runs in each of his last three starts.
Just five months ago, Dean committed to accepting taxpayer money and vowed to attack any Democrat who didnt.
Ultimately, however, Mrs Clinton decided she still loved her husband – although as a wife, I wanted to wring Bill's neck.
Excluding the impact of accounting changes, Ford would have earned 13 cents a share.
The reporting services will also be rolled into Yukon as planned, sources said.
The company is working with the ObjectWeb consortium, Apache Software Foundation and the Eclipse IDE development community as part of the effort.
An outspoken opponent of terrorism, Said's key political allies were Palestinian intellectuals and civic leaders outside the Arafat-dominated PLO and Palestinian Authority.
The US Senate judiciary committee overcame a significant hurdle yesterday in the battle to create a trust fund to pay victims of asbestos exposure.
Bryant, 24, has been charged with felony sexual assault.
First Essex, with $1.8 billion of assets, employs about 360 people and operates 11 offices in Massachusetts and nine in southern New Hampshire.
But that does not clear them of the obligation to do everything possible to protect civilians, and that is not what we're seeing.
The researchers found that 18 percent of the men who took finasteride, or 803 men, developed prostate cancer.
Two women lost their battle in a British court yesterday to save their frozen embryos and use them to have children without the consent of their former partners.
Among the proposals is one for Zimbabwe to have the opportunity to rejoin the 54-member body before the next CHOGM meeting in two years.
The key vote Thursday came on the dividend tax provision offered by Sen. Don Nickles, R-Oklahoma.
Under the proposal, Slocan shareholders will get 1.3147 Canfor shares for each common share.
Heather, 35, who lost a leg in a road accident, is thought to have steel plates fitted in her hips, which would make natural childbirth impossible.
Penn Traffic entered chapter 11 bankruptcy reorganization May 30.
WorldCom, decimated by a massive accounting scandal, is adopting the name of its MCI long-distance division in a bid to clean up its image.
The EU's agriculture representative in Washington said EU ministers were invited but canceled because the union is wrapping up talks on agricultural reform.
I am not giving any consideration to resignation, Shumaker said in a statement.
Dividends are currently taxed at ordinary income tax rates of as much as 38.6 per cent.
In trading on the New York Stock Exchange, Kraft shares fell 25 cents to close at $32.30.
BlueCore3-Multimedia contains an open platform DSP co-processor and also includes a 16-bit stereo audio codec with dual ADC and DAC for stereo audio.
Australia,Chile, Colombia, El Salvador, Honduras, Mexico, New Zealand, Peru and Uruguay will also support the challenge.
Utah's median household income also took a hit, falling 1.8 percent, from $48,875 to $47,978.
The judge in U.S. District Court in Manhattan said the plaintiffs had failed to draw an adequate casual connection between the consumption of McDonald's food and their alleged injuries.
And if there is a leak out of my administration, he added, I want to know who it is.
Worldwide, more than 50 million people have seen Les Miz, with gross receipts of $1.8 billion.
He is the first and only cloned sterile hybrid.
Several states and the federal government later passed similar or more strict bans.
The battalion has been clearing rubble, building playgrounds and restoring irrigation in Iraq, military officials told The Associated Press.
Joe Nichols, who is touring with Jackson, captured new male vocalist honors, riding back-to-back hits The Impossible and Brokenheartedsville.
We are confident that this issue will be behind us by midyear, said Nestlé spokesman Francois Perroud.
Garner said the self-proclaimed mayor of Baghdad, Mohammed Mohsen al-Zubaidi, was released after two days in coalition custody.
He is charged in three bombings in Atlanta including a blast at the 1996 Olympics and one in Alabama.
Alleged stockpiles of chemical and biological weapons have not turned up, nor has significant evidence of a nuclear-weapons program.
We are electing a president of the United States, not a staff, Kerry said.
The 6th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals on Wednesday ruled that an Ohio law banning a controversial late-term abortion method passes constitutional muster and the state can enforce it.
Manuals produced by only six states _ Arkansas, Michigan, Minnesota, New Jersey, Virginia and Wisconsin _ now have such sections.
The fire began about two hours later after an explosion likely caused by a steam leak, Miami-Dade Police Director Carlos Alvarez said.
Detectives told Deasean's father, Stelly Chisolm, a college student, and mother, Kimberly Hill, of the arrest shortly after Perry was apprehended.
This proposal is modest compared with the space programme, and may seem unrealistic only because little effort has been devoted to it.
Macugen dries up those blood vessels by blocking a protein in the body that promotes blood-vessel growth.
U.S. authorities blame Osama bin Laden's al-Qaida network for the attacks, which killed 231 people, including 12 Americans.
It is a benign web where we hope to catch investors and where each of us can advance our enlightened self interest through cooperation with others.
Special police detained Khodorkovsky early on Saturday in the Siberian city of Novosibirsk, where his plane had made a refuelling stop.
Rescue and search operation was on to find them, Manali Sub-Divisional Magistrate Raj Kumar Gautam told Times News Network.
The yield on the benchmark 10-year Treasury note rose as high as 4.66 percent Aug.
14 from 3.07 percent in June.
Microsoft has released separate patches for client and administrative versions of Office 2003.
He was arrested Friday night at an Alpharetta seafood restaurant while dining with his wife, singer Whitney Houston.
Geneticists cite fears that ethnic-based research would be used or distorted to justify discrimination against a group or to promote racial stereotypes.
The dividend, the company's second this calendar year, is payable Nov.
7 to shareholders of record at the close of business Oct.
17.
The board has appointed Trevor Fetter, who returned to the company as president last November, as acting CEO.
Barnes is one of three politicians honored Monday by the John F. Kennedy Library and Museum with the Profile in Courage Award.
He was convicted by a Ventura County Superior Court jury and sentenced in absentia to 124 years in prison.
Police today charged three men, one aged 28 and two aged 26, with attempted murder, torture, rape, assault occasioning bodily harm, armed robbery and burglary.
The two had argued that only a new board would have had the credibility to restore El Paso to health.
Last year, he made an unsuccessful bid for the Democratic nomination for governor.
Staff writers Brandon Formby and Colleen McCain Nelson contributed to this report.
It's a recognition that we were provided faulty information, Senate Democratic Leader Tom Daschle of South Dakota told reporters.
Spitzer was among a group of federal and state regulators who negotiated a $1.4 billion settlement with 10 brokerage houses to settle investigations of analyst conflicts of interest.
Because of that, the family had kept him from the home over the objections of the grandmother, police said.
Chiron has acceptances from holders of nearly 20 percent of PowderJect shares.
After the two-hour meeting on May 14, publisher Arthur O. Sulzberger Jr., executive editor Howell Raines and managing editor Gerald Boyd pledged quick remedies to staff grievances.
Poland has finished assembling a 9,200-strong multinational stabilisation force it will command in central and southern Iraq, Defence Minister Jerzy Szmajdzinski said on Wednesday.
State and federal securities regulators filed civil charges against Putnam Investments and two portfolio managers in the ever-expanding mutual fund trading scandal.
Eight firefighters also suffered minor injuries, including burns, heat, bruises and muscle strain, fire officials said.
After Saddam's regime crumbled in early April, it had to wait for legal hurdles to be crossed before sales could resume.
A pamphlet will be issued to the public through major hardware chains, local libraries and on the EPA Web site: www.epa.gov.
Yee is a 1990 graduate of the U.S. Military Academy at West Point, New York.
Terri Schiavo, 39, underwent the procedure at the Tampa Bay area hospice where she has been living for several years, said her father, Bob Schindler.
Advertising revenue at the Financial Times was down about 18 percent in the first half and recent months have seen little improvement.
New cases of SARS might continue to appear, the authors write ominously, until the stratospheric supply of the causative agent becomes exhausted.
Courant Staff Writer Jeff Goldberg contributed to this story.
If convicted, they face up to five years in prison and a $250,000 fine on each of the 11 counts.
PeopleSoft's board of directors has said it will meet soon to consider the Oracle offer.
But to see those pages Amazon would require users to register, and it plans to limit the amount of any single book a browser can view.
His protest triggered a 47-hour standoff with police that led to huge traffic jams as commuters backed up in downtown Washington and Northern Virginia.
The state will consider the police memorial after planning is completed on another memorial to all the victims, said Micah Rasmussen, a spokesman for Gov. James E. McGreevey.
The fight over online music sales was disclosed in documents made available Monday by the court.
A report on the finding appears in Friday's issue of the journal Science.
They patrol borders, analyze U.S. intelligence, respond to emergencies and guard against terrorism, among other tasks.
With all precincts reporting, Fletcher had 88,747 votes, or 57 percent of the total.
The Prime Ministers of China, Russia and four central Asian nations have met in Beijing and approved a budget for their regional security grouping.
Overall, Kmart needs to dramatically overhaul management in the areas of buying, store operations and sourcing, said Burt Flickinger of Strategic Resource Group.
The 2002 second quarter results don't include figures from our friends at Compaq.
He was taken to Hammersmith hospital, where doctors regulated Blair's heart beat via electric shock in a procedure called cardio-version.
Stanford (51-17) and Rice (57-12) will play for the national championship tonight.
Claudia Gonzales Herrera, an assistant attorney-general in charge of the case, said the arrests showed that Guatemala took the defence of its Mayan heritage seriously.
History will remember the University of Washington's Dr. Belding Scribner as the man who has saved more than a million lives by making long-term kidney dialysis possible.
Bishop O'Brien, aged 67, had told police he thought he had hit a dog or cat.
The transaction will expand the revenue from Callebaut's consumer products business to 45 percent of total sales from 23 percent.
General Dynamics was sued when it changed its retirement benefits in 1997.
The product also features an updated release of the Apache Web server, as well as Apache Tomcat and Apache Axis.
Global Crossing wants documents related to the regulatory-approval process and information on XO Chief Executive Carl J. Grivner, who used to be Global Crossing's chief operating officer.
Terrance's father, Terrance Cottrell Sr., told the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel on Monday that he wants everyone involved in his son's death to be held responsible.
The bank requires growth from elsewhere in the economy and needs the economy to rebalance, he said in an interview with the Press Association news agency.
Coca-Cola's shares were steady in late morning trading in New York, down just 13 cents to $43.88.
We have already found two trailers, both of which we believe were used for the manufacture of biological weapons.
Seven of nine Democratic candidates for president also said they would participate in the conference Monday.
Earlier this year, the company said it would restate its 2000, 2001 and 2002 financial results.
While the shape of any military operation is unclear, Jakarta has boosted the number of troops and police in the resource-rich province to more than 45,000 from 38,000.
The results were released at Tuesday's meeting in Seattle of the American Thoracic Society and will be published in Thursday's New England Journal of Medicine.
Enron's stock comprised as much as 61% of the workers' 401(k) portfolios.
He reiterated Schroder's statement last week that Berlin would consider sending peacekeepers to Iraq only if requested by an interim Iraqi government or the United Nations under a U.N. mandate.
He has declined to comment on the charges, but court documents indicate a lingering medical problem could be part of his defense.
The broadside came during the recording on Saturday night of a Christmas concert attended by top Vatican cardinals, bishops and many elite of Italian society, witnesses said.
The Ministry of Defence said that an investigation is being conducted into allegations that have been made against a British officer who was serving in Iraq.
The processors were announced in San Jose at the Intel Developer Forum.
The council includes 13 Shiites, five Kurds, five Sunnis, one Christian and one Turkoman.
The panels outline the twin towers' history, including their construction, the 1993 bombing and their ultimate destruction by terrorists on Sept.
11, 2001.
Nearly one in 10 people have a gene mutation that can raise their risk of cancer by a quarter or more, U.S. researchers reported on Thursday.
Police have arrested a potential suspect in the abduction of 9-year-old Jennette Tamayo, San Jose Police Chief William Lansdowne said Monday.
The United States has accused Iran of masking plans to make nuclear weapons behind a civilian nuclear programme.
It's a huge black eye, said New York Times Company chairman Arthur Sulzberger.
On Wall Street, trading resumed with some glitches from the blackout that continued to affect parts of New York City.
If you have more turnovers or you're in the bottom of the league in turnovers, your chances aren't very good.
There is nothing that Rob Furst did that was not vetted and approved by senior individuals at Merrill.
North Shore-Long Island Jewish Health System announced plans for a tissue bank earlier this month.
Starfish is United's second attempt at a low-cost unit within the larger company.
Extra guidance on countering suicide bombers is now being given to officers in London and will be extended over the next month to police around the country.
A grief-stricken old woman, disconsolate with grief, smeared her face with dirt, uttering: My child, my child.
Toll last week offered to buy the company for NZ75c a share, or $NZ158 million.
Yee grew up in the United States and graduated from the U.S. Military Academy at West Point.
The talks were the first meeting between US and North Korean negotiators since this April.
The TAAD and SAR-x chips are priced from $125 to $300 in quantities of 10,000.
Tongue-in-cheek, it recounts incidents where the Chief Executive and his administration let the people of Hong Kong down.
One in seven 15-year-olds and nearly one in 10 six-year-olds are obese.
Four months later it signed a joint marketing agreement with Hewlett-Packard Co.
But the settlement also defers any payment to investors, potentially for years, until the securities lawsuits against the brokerage firms are resolved.
That's when officers threw him to the ground and handcuffed him, according to testimony.
News Corp., whose empire spans Hollywood's Twentieth Century Fox to publishing house HarperCollins, owns 35 percent of BSkyB.
Canada which is a major meat exporter to Japan, has threatened a trade backlash if Tokyo's ban is not justified on scientific grounds.
Canadian researchers ordered the slaughter of more than 2,000 cows and conducted an extensive investigation but were not able to find evidence of any other infected animals.
July Brent rose 31 cents to $28.39 per barrel on London's International Petroleum Exchange.
The National Association of Purchasing Management-Chicago's monthly index rose to 58.9 from 55.9 in July, the highest in 15 months.
Elsewhere in theaters this weekend, X2 earned $17.1 million to raise its three-week total to $174 million.
It has been well documented over 12 years of lies and deception from Saddam.
It was a final test before delivering the missile to the armed forces.
Families stuck on the highway were being urged to remain in their cars, and to use their cell phones only in case of emergency.
For the full year period ending June 30, 2003, high-speed lines increased by 45 percent.
The broadside came during the recording Saturday night of a Christmas concert attended by top Vatican cardinals, bishops and many elite of Italian society, witnesses said.
Over 10 years, I'd say I've come out pretty close to even, he said.
THE US government and private technology experts have warned that hackers plan to attack thousands of websites on Sunday in a loosely co-ordinated contest that could disrupt Internet traffic.
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX gained 11.22 points, or 1.13 percent, at 1,007.19.
He and colleagues named it Colymbosathon ecplecticos, which means swimmer with a large penis.
Three such vigilante-style attacks forced the hacker organiser, who identified himself only as Eleonora67], to extend the contest until 8am (AEST) today.
China has threatened to execute or jail for life anyone who breaks their quarantine and intentionally spreads the killer SARS virus.
I still want to be the candidate for guys with Confederate flags in their pickup trucks, he told The Des Moines Register.
The Cleveland Cavaliers won the right to draft James by winning the NBA's annual lottery Thursday night.
The Standard & Poor's 500 Index shed 5.20, or 0.6 percent, to 924.42 as of 9:33 a.m. in New York.
It also faces significant regulatory delays and uncertainty, and threatens serious damage to the company's business, he added.
The three-story brick building houses apartments in the upper floors and the Snack Bar and Caf on its downstairs.
This new division will be focused on the vitally important task of protecting the nation's cyberassets so that we may best protect the nation's critical infrastructure assets, he added.
Six months ago, the IMF and Argentina struck a bare-minimum $6.8-billion debt rollover deal that expires in August.
The scientist also quarantined himself at home as soon as he developed SARS symptoms, officials said.
Last year, Cuban officials said none of nearly two dozen nominated Cuban musicians received U.S. visas on time to attend the Grammys in Los Angeles.
He was joined by Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justices Sandra Day O'Connor and Antonin Scalia.
By late Thursday afternoon, Putnam said the U.S. Attorney in the Southern District of New York had subpoenaed its trading documents, raising the possibility of a criminal indictment.
Steve Squyres, a Cornell University scientist, is principal investigator for the missions' science instruments.
Judge Craig Doran said it wasn't his role to determine if Hovan was an evil man but maintained that he has committed an evil act.
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR firmed 26/32, taking its yield to 4.17 percent, after hitting another record low of 4.16 percent.
Brigadier General Edward Aritonang, a police spokesman, confirmed yesterday that another two had been arrested, one in Jakarta and another in Magelang, Central Java.
He worked out how to get through the bone with his cheap multitool-type knife, made duller from futile attempts to scratch away at the rock.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX ended up 1.03 points, or 0.10 percent, at 998.51, ending at its highest since late June 2002.
The t33kid.com site is registered to Parson at an address in Hopkins, Minnesota.
License sales, a key measure of demand, fell 21 percent to $107.6 million.
The effort is the Bush administration's latest effort to expand the role of religious organizations in government services.
Both bidders agreed to assume about $90 million in debt owed on the planes.
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR firmed 14/32, taking its yield to 4.19 percent from 4.22 percent.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC dipped 0.08 of a point to 1,646.
France, Russia, China and even staunch ally Britain had advocated a stronger U.N. role, which they said was needed to give a U.S.-backed Iraqi authority international legitimacy.
Many of the victims had been headed home for R&R or emergency leave when they were killed.
The league said it is not taking a position on whether Governor Gray Davis should be recalled in the Oct.
7 voting, and will not endorse a replacement candidate.
The company claimed it is the largest sale of Xserves by an Apple retailer.
U.S. officials did not say whether American forces, who were acting on intelligence, crossed into Syrian territory and were vague about how the Syrian guards were involved.
The petitioners are entitled to respect for their private lives.
However, disability declined by more than 10 percent for those 60 to 69, the study said.
That was a reversal from a loss of $35 million, or 20 cents, a year earlier.
The bulk of the funds, some $65 billion, will go for military operations in Iraq and Afghanistan.
Georgia Bureau of Investigation spokesman John Bankhead said the crime scenes indicated that the killer was very methodical.
Four people were killed and 50 injured in the attacks.
Only one test, the effect on financial services, was deemed to be passed.
He said he has begun a court action to seize Beacon Hill's assets and has frozen more than $13 million Beacon Hill had when it closed.
And they think the protein probably is involved in the spread of other forms of cancer.
Feelings about current business conditions improved substantially from the first quarter, jumping from 40 to 55.
But JT was careful to clarify that it was not certain about the outcome of the discussion at this moment.
Bladder cancer is the fourth most common cancer in American men and the eighth in women.
The attack by the three militant groups took place here at Erez, the main border crossing between Israel and Gaza.
SSE shares were unchanged at 652 pence by 0835 GMT but analysts welcomed the deal.
At least 2 female patients sharing a room and 10 nurses have fevers or other symptoms, and about 100 people who have had contact with them have been quarantined.
Without the fleet, NASA has relied on the Russian space program to rotate crew members for the International Space Station and to send supplies to the orbiting laboratory.
The fire began about two hours later, the result of an explosion that was likely caused by a steam leak, officials said.
The Justice Department's Office of the Inspector General described significant problems in the Bush administration's actions toward the 762 foreigners held on immigration violations after the attacks.
The ECB has cut rates from 4.75 percent in October 2000 to 2.5 percent in that period.
A race observer sits in the passenger seat of the follow vehicle to record any broken rules and also keep track of the car's time.
The pressure may well rise on Thursday, with national coverage of the final round planned by ESPN, the cable sports network.
Dusty had battled kidney cancer for more than a year.
But he confessed: There's total fear to start with because you are completely at the mercy of the winds.
Iran has until the end of the month to satisfy the agency it has no plans for nuclear weapons.
Investigators matched the dead womans teeth to Aronovs dental records Wednesday morning, medical examiners spokeswoman Ellen Borakove said.
The WHO says the latest case does not fit its profile of SARS and is not a public health concern.
The main psychologist in the Rodriguez case, Dwight Close, referred questions to an agency spokeswoman, who didn't immediately return a call.
The PracticeWorks acquisition is expected to add about $215 million to Kodak's revenue in the first full year, be slightly dilutive through 2005, and accretive thereafter.
One can say that the euro at the moment is about at the level which better reflects the fundamentals, he said.
Waksal has pleaded guilty to securities fraud and is to be sentenced next week.
She was surrounded by about 50 women who regret having abortions.
Zilkha conceded in a statement issued today that his group may have fallen a bit short.
Available in June, Bare Metal Restore 4.6 costs $900 per Windows client and $1,000 per Unix client for new customers.
The appetizer devoured, Annika Sorenstam moves on to the entree this week at the McDonald's LPGA Championship.
In addition, the NTSB also recommended to NHTSA that state legislation be enacted to prohibit holders of learners permits and intermediate licenses from using mobile phones while driving.
Leaders from the city of Detroit, Wayne County and the Detroit Medical Center must still approve a financial plan to keep Detroit Receiving and Hutzel Women's hospitals open.
The report was found Oct.
23, tucked inside an old three-ring binder not related to the investigation.
According to the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (news - web sites), there were 19 reported cases of measles in the United States in 2002.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index dipped 0.08 of a point to 1,646.
BaFin, Germany's chief financial regulator, and the prosecutor's office were not immediately available for comment.
Scientists reported a 90 percent decline in large predatory fish in the world's oceans since a half-century ago, a dire assessment that drew immediate skepticism from commercial fishers.
Chera Larkins, 32, of Manhattan, charged with perjury and filing a false instrument in three marriage applications.
Another said its members would continue to call the more than 50 million phone numbers on the Federal Trade Commission's list.
Microsoft Corp. is preparing changes to its Internet Explorer (IE) browser because of a patent verdict against it, the company said Friday.
Declining issues outnumbered advancers nearly 2 to 1 on the New York Stock Exchange.
Officials involved in the Howard library rejected the idea of harming African-Americans.
It added that unless the problems are fixed, the scene is set for another accident.
Cortisol levels in the saliva of day-care children were highest and rose most steeply in those whom day-care centre staffed judged to be the shyest.
The stalemate involved less than 1 percent of the budget and had little to do with policy but everything to do with politics.
Small-business customers paying $1,200 to $3,200 a year could save $60 to $120.
Both markets rallied this past week on bets the Fed will lower rates at its next meetings on June 24-25.
At his request, he will be reassigned within the district.
Mr. Sweeney outlined plans for the campaign in a speech last night in Philadelphia at the annual meeting of the American Political Science Association.
They had published an advertisement on the Internet on June 10, offering the cargo for sale, he added.
Morgan Stanley raised its rating on the company to overweight from equal-weight, saying the beverage maker's pricing power with bottlers should improve in 2004.
About 100 firefighters are in the bosque today, Albuquerque Fire Chief Robert Ortega said.
Urban hospitals have traditionally been reimbursed at higher rates on the belief that medical treatment is less expensive in small cities and towns.
Still, the FBI said in the report released Monday, the number of reported rapes rose by 4 percent and the number of murders grew by 0.8 percent.
However, we are not certain about the outcome of the discussion at this moment.
That exploit works on unpatched Windows 2000 machines with Service Pack 3 and 4.
The gain came as a result of fewer credit losses and lower interest rates.
Lay had refused to turn over the papers, asserting his Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination.
DUBAI, SEPTEMBER 23: The world economic leaders hailed on Tuesday signs of a global revival but agreed it had to be handled with care to prevent any setback.
The rule bars groups from airing ads that promote, support, attack or oppose a candidate at any time.
The Bush administration blames Hussein loyalists and foreign Muslim militants who have entered Iraq to fight U.S. troops for the wave of bombings and guerrilla attacks.
Voters in Cleveland Heights, Ohio, approved a proposal allowing same-sex couples -- and also unmarried heterosexual couples -- to officially register as domestic partners.
A nationally known itinerant computer hacker faces a federal arrest warrant on a sealed federal complaint in New York, a federal defender in California said Friday.
In winter, Terrapin Point is transformed into a treacherous embankment of ice and snow that blankets everything -- the park, the railings, even the lampposts.
Extra guidance on countering suicide bombers is now being given to officers in London, and will be extended to other forces next month.
Bob Richter, a spokesman for House Speaker Tom Craddick, had no comment about the ruling.
Mr Pollard said: This is a terrible personal tragedy and a shocking blow for James's family.
The S&P rose 13.78, or 1.5 percent, to 930.08, the best level since Jan.
14.
They went into the operation on their own free will,' Reuters quoted their father, Mr Dadollah Bijani, as saying.
She did — and then some, besting a 144-player field that included former winners Sorenstam and Juli Inkster, as well as Wie.
Other data showed sales of existing and new homes grew at a robust pace in April, spurred by low mortgage rates.
His body was found July 25, and former teammate Carlton Dotson has been charged in his shooting death.
Agents found more than 1,000 credit cards and credit card duplicating machines during a search of Ragin's address.
The momentum in the marketplace continues to shift in our direction, he said of his company, formerly named Caldera Systems.
Ms. Haque, meanwhile, was on her turquoise cellphone with the smiley faces organizing the prom.
In an accompanying editorial, two breast cancer researchers said that the effect of hormones on the breast created a double whammy that was almost unique in medicine.
The shooting victim was taken to Kings County Hospital Center, where he later died, the police said.
The European Union was due Monday to demand Iran accept urgently and unconditionally tougher nuclear inspections and to link compliance with a pending trade deal.
Beleaguered telecommunications gear maker Lucent Technologies is being investigated by two federal agencies for possible violations of U.S. bribery laws in its operations in Saudi Arabia.
The Communicator can also consolidate e-mail from multiple screen names and other POP and IMAP accounts into a single application.
Representatives of its tribal and ethnic groups named a cross section of residents yesterday to run municipal affairs alongside the US military.
Mr. Muhammad, 42, and 18-year-old Lee Boyd Malvo, who goes on trial separately Nov.
10, were arrested Oct.
24, 2002, at a Maryland highway rest stop.
Moore did not have an immediate response Tuesday.
The study, published Monday in the journal Molecular Brain Research, is likely to also apply to humans, its authors said.
The Institute for Supply Management's manufacturing index dipped to 53.7 from 54.7 in August.
When contacted last night, Perkins declined comment.
The findings, published Tuesday in the Journal of the American Medical Association, were the latest bad news about estrogen-progestin therapy.
Tonight he was an offensive catcher, Cubs manager Dusty Baker said.
Standard & Poor's 500 stock index futures declined 4.40 points to 983.50, while Nasdaq futures fell 6.5 points to 1,206.50.
Dynes will be paid $395,000 a year; Atkinson's salary is $361,400.
The family stopped for lunch at Freshwater Spit, where several children went to the water's edge to play in the surf shortly after noon.
The decision is clearly incorrect, FTC Chairman Tim Muris said.
Revenue was up a tad, from $610.6 million to $616.5 million.
That's about to change, now that the government is requiring food labels to reveal exact levels of the artery clogger.
Cooper, the boy's mother, started coming to the church about three months ago after she met a parishioner at a doctor's office, Hemphill said.
Elsewhere, European stocks slipped from their highs but stayed within a few points of year highs.
The United States welcomes a greater NATO role in Iraq's stabilization, Mr. Powell said in a speech to fellow NATO ministers.
BuyMusic is the first subscription-free paid download music service for PC users.
Thyroid hormones are known to help in weight loss by stimulating metabolism, and they can help cut cholesterol too.
Moffitt said the results need to be replicated in another study before testing of individuals for presence of the long or short versions of the gene will be pursued.
A summary of his remarks says: all the group's savings have been lost to raids and arrests, and JI is totally dependent on al-Qaeda for money.
The Centcom statement said the gunmen appeared to have fired from a mosque in the city, 50 km (32 miles) west of Baghdad.
In a landmark ruling yesterday, the Court of Appeals ordered the Legislature and Gov. George Pataki to fix the funding system by July 30, 2004.
The benchmark 10-year Treasury note yield dipped below 4.20 percent on Tuesday.
They were released to authorities after officers delivered a six-pack of Dr Pepper to the gunman, using a long stick to pass the soda through a door.
This sale is part of our efforts to simplify our Foodservice Products business and improve its cost structure, chairman and CEO Gary Costley said in a statement.
The FBI is trying to determine when White House officials and members of the vice president’s staff first focused on Wilson and learned about his wife’s employment at the agency.
Researchers found that sea ice in the Arctic is disappearing at a rate of 9 percent each decade.
A fifth member of an alleged terrorist sleeper cell in a Buffalo suburb pleaded guilty Monday to supporting terrorism.
I was in the water for about eight seconds.
Mrs Clinton writes her husband's eyes filled with tears when she told him he would have to confess to Chelsea as well.
Proving that the Millville son's sacrifice would not go unsung, Mayor James Quinn ordered all city flags flown at half-mast for the next 30 days.
The launch coincides with the JavaOne developers' conference in San Francisco this week.
Last month, The Washington Post Co. introduced Express, a tabloid distributed largely along transit routes.
The yield on the 3 percent note maturing in 2008 fell 22 basis points to 2.61 percent.
The fire calmed down considerably overnight, then it rained, said Andy Lyon, spokesman for the Douglas County fire command center.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index added 28.73 points, or 1.77 percent, at 1,655.22.
The Kenilworth-based company said it believes the letter shows that the government plans to pursue a criminal indictment and likely has substantial evidence supporting an indictment.
Besides a federal judge, the criticism has mounted from environmentalists, the Miccosukee Tribe, some scientists and some congressional leaders.
The rebels are also calling for the deployment of a U.S.-led peacekeeping force.
Then the authority can hold another set of public hearings on raising commuting costs, the judge said.
That objection was cited by PeopleSoft's board in rejecting Oracle's offer.
Dolores E. Mahoy, 68, of Colorado Springs is just the type of person who might be helped by the legislation pending in Congress.
Standard & Poor's 500 stock index futures declined 4.40 points to 983.50, while Nasdaq futures fell 6.5 points to 1,206.50.
Bush plans to meet with Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and the new Palestinian prime minister, Mahmoud Abbas, in the Jordanian port of Aqaba on Wednesday.
The BlueCore3-Multimedia includes a 16-bit stereo audio CODEC with dual ADC and DAC for stereo audio.
We must not engage in borough warfare, the Comptroller William Thompson told the Council, according to his written testimony.
The company has said it plans to restate its earnings for 2000 through 2002.
But Gordon emphasized that the legislation he introduced last week is a lesson-learned bill and not a reflection on Admiral (Harold) Gehman's handling of the Columbia investigation.
Mr. Chapman, who hasn't been arrested, is expected to appear for arraignment next Thursday, prosecutors said.
Senator Brandis backed Dr Hollingworth's claims he had been denied natural justice by the Anglican Church inquiry into the claims against him.
Application Intelligence will be included as part of the company's SmartDefense application, which is included with Firewall-1.
Justices Anthony Kennedy, Sandra Day O'Connor and Stephen Breyer dissented.
We're being hyper-vigilant, said Dr. James Young, Ontario's commissioner of public safety.
Shares of Bristol-Myers rose to $28 in electronic trading from the $26.90 close on the New York Stock Exchange.
Among the evidence seized by detectives was an animal skull with a nail driven through its head, which may have been used in a black magic ceremony.
Following the ATP's notification by Hewitt's lawyers of pending action, it issued another statement that Hewitt has added to his suit.
Telecom equipment maker Lucent Technologies Inc. (nyse: QCOM - news - people) rallied 43 cents, or 12.3 percent, to $3.95.
The second-quarter results had a non-operating gain of 10 cents a share while the 2002 second-quarter performance had a net non-operating loss of 19 cents a share.
Everything is going to move everywhere, Douglas J. Feith, undersecretary of defence force policy, is quoted as saying.
They described the abductor as a Hispanic man in his 30s or early 40s, 5-feet-2 to 5-feet-5, weighing about 160 pounds.
Mr. Misfeldt agreed to surrender $346,807 in trading profits and $111,595 in interest.
Justice Minister Martin Cauchon and Prime Minister Jean Chrétien have both said the Liberal government will introduce legislation soon to decriminalize possession of small amounts of pot for personal use.
Our decision today is quite limited, they conclude.
Penn Traffic a week ago disclosed that it was considering filing for bankruptcy, among other options.
Democrats now hope to increase the value of awards proposed by Hatch and to create a mechanism to ensure the fund remains solvent.
Ximian brings Novell unparalleled Linux expertise . . . [and strengthens] our ability to work with and leverage open source initiatives more constructively.
The draft statement said progress on the nuclear issue and the pending trade deal were interdependent, indissociable and mutually reinforcing elements.
Williams was White, and four of his victims were Black; the fifth was White.
Laotian officials yesterday called on France, the former colonial power, to help the country find an alternative investor to EdF.
Overwhelmingly the Windows brand really resonated with them.
The deal is expected to close later this month.
Under a deal with General Electric's NBC, Vivendi's film and TV business would merge with NBC's broadcast network, Spanish- language network and cable channels including CNBC and Bravo.
U.S. forces organized the elections, which officials said were a step toward establishing democracy in the nation.
If convicted, Ciobanu could face up to 15 years in prison based on new laws in Romania designed to prosecute cybercrime, Softwin said.
He faces 25 years in prison when he is sentenced in federal court July 7.
The company, based in King of Prussia near Philadelphia, said it could liquidate the other two chains if it cannot find a buyer for them.
The group has already met several times and Gen. Garner said it probably will be expanded to include a Christian and perhaps another Sunni Muslim leader.
Nearly all of Ford's second-quarter profit came from Ford Credit, which earned a net $401 million, up 21.5 percent.
For lofts, the board proposed increases of 4 percent for one-year leases and 7 percent for two-year renewals.
The Dow Jones industrial average ended the day down 10.89 at 9,837.94, after advancing 111.04 Wednesday.
Bethany, who remained in stable condition after the attack Friday morning, talked of the attack Saturday.
The Cubans were spotted by a Coast Guard jet around 2 p.m.
Tuesday and two vessels were sent out to the area, Petty Officer Ryan Doss said.
The change will take time, but Nardelli said it is necessary for the nation's largest home improvement store chain if it is to grow amid increasing competition.
Members of the QVC management team hold the remaining shares.
The Department of Homeland Security announced Tuesday that it has selected three companies to continue research into ways to thwart shoulder-fired missile attacks on U.S. commercial aircraft.
Strayhorn said it was the first time in Texas history a comptroller had not certified the appropriations act.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC declined 16.68 points, or 1.01 percent, at 1,636.94.
The NASA organizational culture had as much to do with this accident as the foam, the report said.
He said sales of grocery and other consumer packaged products are the strongest, but discretionary items are still weak.
In court, Stewart briefly waved to courtroom sketch artists seated in the jury box.
Palm plans to issue about 13.9 million shares of Palm common stock to Handspring's shareholders, on a fully diluted basis.
Experts say they think better treatment, including use of the drug tamoxifen and mammogram screening, are responsible.
About $250,000 worth of her jewelry was discovered last week at Kennedy International Airport, where it had up and disappeared before a flight to the BET Awards.
The report forecasts there will be 71,079 hot spots worldwide this year, up from just 14,752 in 2002 and 1,214 in 2001.
Nigeria and other African producers are increasingly important in the former Texas oilman's plans to lessen dependence on Middle Eastern suppliers for energy security.
Air Commodore Dave Pietsche said RAAF controllers had positioned a fully armed F/A-18 Hornet fighter to prepare to intercept the aircraft.
Third . . . we are not allowed to kill women, except those who join the war [against Islam].
But U.S. administration officials moved to talk down Snow's impact on currencies, saying his comments were not reflective of Washington's policy and were merely an observation about the economy.
The ITC midpoint review of the tariffs outlines their impact so far on the domestic steel industry and steel consumers.
From the start, however, the United States' declared goal was not just to topple Saddam but to stabilize Iraq and install a friendly government.
Attackers detonated a second roadside bomb later Sunday as a U.S. convoy was traveling near Fallujah, killing an American soldier and wounding three others.
Added Rep. Howard Berman, D-Calif.: Some of us find that the collateral damage is greater than it needs to be in the conduct of this war.
Today, he will find out whether he is still in the running to buy back the U.S. entertainment business of troubled Vivendi Universal SA.
After their arrests, the men told investigators they paid to be smuggled into the United States from Canada last month.
Trading in Loral was halted yesterday; the shares closed on Monday at $3.01.
A warrant for Taylor's arrest has been served on the Ghanaian authorities and sent to Interpol.
The settlement includes $4.1 million in attorneys' fees and expenses.
This is a good day for Americas farmers, said Sen. Charles Grassley, an Iowa Republican, in reaction to the administration announcement.
City-grown pollution, and ozone in particular, is tougher on country trees, says Cornell University ecologist Jillian Gregg.
The panel will not begin a formal investigation because the statute of limitations has expired, Plofsky said.
Lewis said that the third-quarter results were driven by deposit and loan growth, strong investment banking and trading results, and improved mortgage and card revenues.
The Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC jumped 43.64 points, or 2.89 percent, to 1,553.73.
The two have no diplomatic ties and their already tense relationship has been frayed by the crisis over the North's nuclear ambitions.
Egyptologists think they may have identified the long-sought mummy of Queen Nefertiti, one of the ancient world's legendary beauties.
The company updated the MySQL 4.0 software with the ability to run on the HP-UX 11i Unix operating system and Linux on servers equipped with Intel's 64-bit Itanium 2 processor.
Primary Care Trusts and Mental Health Trusts have also been formally rated for the first time this year.
The Standard and Poor's 500-stock index, a broad collection of equities representing leading companies, finished its best quarter yesterday since the last three months of 1998.
Leung faces a sentence of up to 50 years if convicted on all counts.
Hynix CEO E.J. Woo condemned the decision calling the ruling an outrageous act aimed at a hidden agenda.
Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist, a Tennessee Republican, said he intended to work to see that the loan provision was not in the final bill.
In Baghdad, police Lieut.
Mothana Ali said about 1,000 demonstrators arrived at the station demanding jobs.
General Motors Corp. posted a record 8.4 percent improvement in 2000.
We have some small opportunities in November and maybe January, Mr. Parsons said optimistically.
No charges have been filed in those deaths, but Luzerne County District Attorney David Lupas said authorities were continuing to make significant progress in the case.
Daren and Barbara Jensen refused to heed doctors' recommendation of chemotherapy, fearing the treatment would stunt Parker's growth and leave him sterile.
Both companies automate many channels, although XM has some live programming anchored by disc jockeys who can field requests, and Sirius airs live in-studio performances and interviews.
The new deal would be valued at $1.75 billion, including $863 million in cash and 52.6 million PeopleSoft shares.
An officer in the People's Liberation Army selected from a pool of 14, Lt-Col Yang is the son of a teacher and an official at an agricultural firm.
The announcement comes one day after Microsoft’s global security chief, Scott Charney, reiterated Microsoft’s promises to simplify the way it distributes patches to users.
The Republicans went into a closet, met with themselves, and announced a compromise, Hollings said in a statement.
During this year's August to October quarter, Lowe's opened 38 new stores, including two relocations.
The traditional Mediterranean diet contains many components, including a high intake of fruits and vegetables, nuts and cereals, and olive oil.
Analysts estimate peak annual U.S. sales of Xolair will top $200 million.
At the very long end, the 30-year bond US30YT=RR lost 2/32 for a yield of 4.41 percent.
That fire devastated the reservation, a nearby national forest and several communities, burning 469,000 acres and destroying 491 homes.
Intelligence officials told key senators a week ago to expect a terrorist attack in Saudi Arabia, Sen. Pat Roberts (R-Kan.) said yesterday.
The injured were taken to hospitals in Jefferson City and Columbia, about 48km north; their conditions were not immediately available.
In Taiwan, the capital's mayor and other officials handed out free thermometers in a islandwide ``take-your-temperature'' campaign Sunday, amid evidence that containment efforts were also paying off.
We don't want to go to war with anybody . . . it's always very much a last resort, and one to be avoided.
A bill that would have fully legalized marijuana for medical purposes in Connecticut was narrowly defeated in the House of Representatives on Wednesday.
The agent reported his contacts to Texas Department of Public Safety and told officers another legislator, Rep. Gabi Canales, D-Alice, they sought also was in Ardmore.
Calvin Hollins Jr.'s attorney, Thomas Royce, has repeatedly said his client had no link with the company that owned and operated E2.
Like many doctors, Mr. Thomas and Mr. Tauzin say the Bush administration has the power to correct some of those flaws.
It also indicates the terrorists really don't care who they attack.
Federal agents said yesterday they are investigating the theft of 1,200 pounds of an explosive chemical from construction companies in Colorado and California in the past week.
The study was published today in the New England Journal of Medicine.
Unemployment across the state fell a half of a percentage point last month to 6.1 percent from August's mark of 6.6 percent.
Shaul Mofaz, Israel's Defence Minister, raised the prospect of a ground offensive into the Gaza Strip, in addition to a growing air campaign to assassinate Hamas militants.
The Midwestern research center will focus on the development of diagnostic, therapeutic and vaccine products for anthrax, botulism, tularemia, hemorrhagic fever viruses and plague.
The two victims buried in the yard were not identified, though authorities said at least one has been there about a year.
The stock rose $2.11, or about 11 percent, to close Friday at $21.51 on the New York Stock Exchange.
If you think this problem has been blown out of proportion by the media, you are wrong.
The privately held Google is believed to be profitable.
Hoffine drove to the home of a friend and told her what he had done before allowing the woman and her daughter to leave, Hurley said.
The top speed of Ethernet could hit 40G bps (bits per second) within the next two years, a senior Cisco Systems Inc. executive said Wednesday.
The body's hair, sources said, appeared to be blond with dark roots, the same as Aronov's.
In the opinion, Kline noted that it is illegal for children that young to have sexual relations.
So far, authorities also have searched areas in Pennsylvania, Ohio, Indiana, and Michigan.
In another disaster, 62 Spanish peacekeepers were killed May 26 when their plane crashed in Turkey on their way home.
But he will meet the French President, Jacques Chirac, privately.
The Institute for Supply Management's manufacturing index rose to 49.4 in May from 45.4 in April, the biggest monthly gain since December.
Similar bills passed the House twice but died in the Senate.
The sick children have been staying home and Althardt said there was no indication any had needed to be hospitalized.
Declining issues outnumbered advancers slightly more than 3 to 1 on the New York Stock Exchange.
It has a margin of error of plus or minus three to four percentage points.
The drug was approved for use Friday by the Food and Drug Administration.
Vivendi argues the agreement had not been approved by the board and that the payoff was inappropriate given the state of Vivendi's finances when new CEO Jean-Rene Fourtou took over.
One witness told Anatolian he saw the plane on fire while it was still in the air.
During the flight, engineers misjudged the extent of the damage, and even during that period they lamented that the liftoff photography was poor.
Iran has yet to sign an additional protocol to the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty, which it signed in 1970, that would allow IAEA inspections at short notice.
Secretary of State Colin Powell designated the Chechen leader believed responsible for last year's hostage standoff in a Moscow theater as a threat to U.S. security Friday.
At least 1,752 people were ordered to evacuate their homes in the north part of Marquette about 8:45 a.m.
EDT, said Steve Powers, Marquette County administrator.
The deal creates a company with about $2.8bn in annual revenues with 13,000 employees and 11,000 customers.
Robin Saunders, head of the bank's London-based principal finance unit, is also expected to quit.
Seven people were taken to hospital today after a second derailment on the London Underground in less than 48 hours.
But at this stage, given the early detection, the outlook in such instances would be positive, he said.
With the government grant added in, the airline earned $246 million, or 30 cents a share.
Ursel Reisen confirmed it had been operating the coach, but declined to give details of the passengers other than to say they were of mixed ages.
A $5 billion dollar-denominated portion has seen about $19 billion of bids, investors said.
Xcel shares were up 20 cents, to close at $14.10 Wednesday on the New York Stock Exchange.
She said in 2003, not one American state had an obesity level less than 15 percent of the population.
Mr. Geoghan had been living in a protective custody unit since being transferred to the prison on April 3.
Born in 1953 in Baghdad, she is the daughter of Saleh Mahdi Ammash, a former vice-president, defence minister and member of the Baath party's leadership.
But he added that the New York-based actor and producer is a private person and doesn't care to have his treatment out for public consumption.
He also recruited others to participate in the scheme by convincing them to receive fraudulently obtained merchandise he had ordered for himself.
The left the Eurotop 300 benchmark trading just short of its highest level since January 17 -- hit earlier in the session.
Cases of breast cancer in Britain have reached a record high, with the number of women diagnosed with the disease passing the 40,000 mark for the first time.
The latest attack came just two days after three suicide bombers drove a truck loaded with explosives into a government office complex in northern Chechnya, killing 59 people.
Bond bulls would like the Fed to recognize that risks are biased toward economic weakness.
Both will compete in today's third round, which is all oral examination.
Others rushed up the aisle to vocally protest the remarks, and one student tossed his cap and gown to the stage before leaving.
Passenger Keith Charlton, who also tackled the attacker, praised the efforts of the injured chief flight attendant.
The world's two largest automakers said their U.S. sales declined more than predicted last month as a late summer sales frenzy caused more of an industry backlash than expected.
Clayton's shares were also suspended from trading on the New York Stock Exchange.
Kline's opinion dealt specifically with abortion providers, but it also would apply to doctors providing other services, such as prenatal care, to a pregnant child under 16.
Responding later, Edward Skyler, a spokesman for the mayor, said, The comptroller's statements, while noteworthy for their sensationalism, bear no relation to the facts.
Officials said data will be used to verify whether travelers have exceeded their authorized stay.
State radio said it was the last test before the missile was delivered to the armed forces.
Trading volume was extremely light at 1.05 billion shares, below an already thin 1.19 billion on Tuesday.
The UMass president, who testified before a congressional committee last week, has acknowledged talking to him once since he went on the lam in 1995.
The appeals court hearing comes at a sensitive time for Microsoft.
Under the legislation, a physician who performed the procedure could face up to two years in prison.
The worst affected area was South Kyeongsang province where at least 15 people drowned and roads were swept away in mud sides.
Wells, 46, said he was forced to rob the bank and asked police to help take the bomb off.
The high Saturday is expected to be about 92 degrees, and it will likely drop to 90 degrees Sunday and Monday.
He admits he occasionally lived the life of a playboy: smoking pot, chasing women and living fast and loose.
It's hard to imagine we live in a society where parents wouldn't be notified of an abortion, Bush said.
The provision requires the secretary of Health and Human Services (news - web sites) to certify that the importations can be done safely and will be cost-effective.
Mr. Rush is the only witness to the events in the pilothouse who has spoken to investigators.
Many of the affected countries, such as Colombia and Ecuador, are considered critical to the administration's efforts to bring stability to this hemisphere.
Breaux outlined a plan Tuesday that would give seniors help with the first $3,450 in prescription drug costs.
The teen was in critical condition with life-threatening wounds, police said in a news release.
I'm not aware of any changes in policy - we have contacts with them, they will continue.
Researchers at Sweden's Karolinska Institute reanalyzed data from more than 2,000 infants who had been treated with radiation for a benign birthmark condition between 1930 and 1959.
The street-racing sequel 2 Fast 2 Furious won the pole position at the box office, taking in an estimated $52.1 million in its opening weekend.
Mrs Boncyk's husband, Wayne, had taken the family car to work, so his wife and children had to ride with neighbours.
Canadian officials have agreed to run a complementary threat response exercise.
At home, the premier has faced accusations that he overplayed intelligence about weapons of mass destruction to make the case for war.
It was the most serious breach of royal security since 1982 when an intruder, Michael Fagan, found his way into the Queen's bedroom at Buckingham Palace.
The memorandum analyzed lawful activities, such as recruiting demonstrators, and illegal activities, such as using fake documentation to get into a secured site.
White, who had kidney failure from years of high blood pressure, had been undergoing dialysis and had been hospitalized since a September stroke.
We have found the smoking gun, said Hubbard, director of NASA's Ames Research Center in California.
Democratic presidential candidate Joe Lieberman criticized President Bush on Wednesday for a sluggish economy that has kept Americans out of work.
Durst was acquitted this week in the murder of his elderly neighbor, 71-year-old Morris Black.
But Mr Kenny said his advice to Mr Hicks - if they are ever allowed to meet or speak - may well be that he accept a deal.
Change will take time, but is necessary for the nation's largest home improvement store chain if it is to grow amid increasing competition, chief executive Bob Nardelli said.
Pressure also came last night from religious circles as three Anglican bishops said it was time for their former colleague to step down.
Chechen officials working for the Moscow-backed government are a frequent target for rebels and tension is running high ahead of next Sunday's presidential election in war-torn Chechnya.
These are real crimes that hurt a lot of people.
The fines are part of failed Republican efforts to force or entice the Democrats to return.
Tenet has been under scrutiny since November, when former Chief Executive Jeffrey Barbakow said the company used aggressive pricing to trigger higher payments for the sickest Medicare patients.
Platinum prices soared to 23-year highs earlier this year after U.S. President George W. Bush proposed investing $1.2 billion for research on fuel cell-powered vehicles.
Berry also married and divorced his second wife twice, most recently in 1991.
The civilian unemployment rate improved marginally last month _ sliding down to 6.1 percent _ as companies slashed payrolls by 93,000 amid continuing mixed signals about the nation's economic health.
Started on Christmas Day in 1931, the Met's matinee broadcasts have introduced opera to millions of people around the world.
Cardenas and Estrada, who is on trial for economic plunder, have denied any involvement.
Intel Corp., the world's biggest semiconductor maker, narrowed its second-quarter sales forecast as demand for microprocessors is reaching the high end of the company's expectations.
Under the new pricing scheme, Universal would lower its wholesale price on a CD to $9.09 from $12.02.
The woman -- who has no symptoms of illness -- donated blood Aug.
7.
In dissent, Judge Gerald W. Heaney said the authorities should have allowed Mr. Singleton to be medicated without the consequence of execution.
Water samples are being sent to the state health department for analysis.
It also disclosed that sales -- a figure closely watched by analysts as a barometer of its health -- were significantly higher than industry experts expected.
The interest rate sensitive two year Schatz yield was down 5.8 basis points at 1.99 percent.
He also said it is too early to know whether a second wave might occur later in the winter.
We will clearly modify some features of our plans as well as their administration, Reed said in a letter to the NYSE's 1,366 members.
Privately-held GeCAD Software, founded in 1992, has supplied antivirus and security products since 1994 under the name RAV AntiVirus.
Money from Iraqi oil sales will go into that fund which will be controlled by the United States and Britain and used to rebuild the country.
Under the adjusted definition, officials Thursday listed 29 cases as suspected and said that 107 other people showing possible SARS symptoms were being monitored.
Clijsters was simply too complete and powerful for the Spanish veteran Conchita Martínez in her quarterfinal, winning, 6-2, 6-1.
Some 26.5 million shares changed hands, more than three times the daily average over 10 days of 6.8 million.
The two invading countries later fell out, and have since backed rival factions.
North American futures pointed to a sub-par start to trading on Tuesday, with investors ready to get their first taste of quarterly earnings.
Class-action suits expand exponentially the number of plaintiffs and damages in a lawsuit by allowing initial plaintiffs to plea on behalf of a far larger group with common interest.
Only New Jersey now bans holders of learners permits or intermediate licenses from using cell phones, pagers or other wireless devices while driving.
The elder Yakou, an Iraqi native who is a legal U.S. resident, appeared before a federal magistrate Wednesday on charges of violating U.S. arms control laws.
With the Expose (ex-poh-SAY) feature, all the open windows on the desktop immediately shrink to fit on the screen but are still clear enough to identify.
One of the significant highs Beijing chalked up before APEC was Chinas first space mission on Oct 15.
A company spokeswoman declined to say how much Qwest receives in annual revenue from government contracts.
Russia has closed dozens of checkpoints on the border with China and Mongolia, which has also reported SARS cases, until June 4, Itar-Tass news agency said.
Bond voiced disappointment that neither President Bush nor his brother attended the 2002 conference in Texas or the 2003 meeting in Florida.
ATA shares closed down $1.66, or 16.7 percent, at $8.26 on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
I feel like the weight of the world has been lifted from my shoulders, Ms McCorvey said at a news conference in Dallas on Tuesday.
Knox County Health Department is following national Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Protocol to contain infection.
Sharon says he is willing to free the two as holding them will not bring back Arad, who Israel believes is held by Iran.
Dotson told FBI agents that he shot Dennehy after the player tried to shoot him, according to the arrest warrant affidavit.
Last week, his lawyers asked Gov. Mark R. Warner to grant clemency, but the governor declined to intervene.
The new P25-S507 sports a 17-inch display with a resolution of 1,440 pixels by 900 pixels the same as Apples PowerBook.
Germany, another opponent of the war currently on the U.N. Security Council, in recent weeks has moved closer to Washington and did not insist on a timetable.
Current Chief Operating Officer Mike Butcher and Group Chief Financial Officer Alex Arena will report to So.
Other changes in the plan refine his original vision, Libeskind said.
Grant, a 22-year Monsanto veteran, also has been elected to the company's board of directors, Monsanto said in a statement.
The company said industrywide sales of consumer film in China during April and May were nearly half of the amount sold during the same two months a year ago.
The military said it had killed 12 rebels and captured nine in the campaign so far, for the loss of six soldiers wounded.
It appears that the machine was cracked using a ptrace exploit by a local user immediately after the exploit was posted, it added.
Lately, he had earned money by calling fans on the telephone, taking part in the service www.HollywoodIsCalling.com.
The original agreement, signed in August 2001 and now extended through 2006, has enabled both companies to successfully deliver high-availability and high-performance end-to-end data center solutions.
Trish York, a spokeswoman for Boeing, declined to comment on the deal.
The Dow Jones industrials climbed more than 140 points to above the 9,000 mark, the first time since December.
Mr Sorbello was taken to hospital for a check-up and later released, while Mr Pennisi thinks he may have cracked ribs.
The other 18 people inside the building - two visitors and 16 employees, including Harrison's ex-girlfriend - escaped unharmed, Aaron said.
Bush said that he ordered the Treasury Department to freeze the assets after the suicide bombing in Jerusalem that killed 20 people Tuesday.
At Northwest Medical Center of Washington County in Springdale, one child is in serious condition.
The Seattle band's groundbreaking grunge anthem is No. 1 on VH1's list of the 100 Greatest Songs of the Past 25 Years.
The Nasdaq fell about 1.3% for the month, snapping a seven-month winning streak.
An attorney for plaintiff schoolchildren said he plans to appeal.
Microsoft is preparing to alter its Internet Explorer browser, following a patent verdict that went against the company, Microsoft said Friday.
Police said three of them had also been detained last week and held for two days as suspects over recent bomb attacks.
But he added: The only thing I know for certain is that these are bad people.
Most of that – $US51 billion – was for American troops in Iraq, while another $US10 billion was for US forces in Afghanistan.
An artist painted a sign reading ``CAUTION Low Flying Planes'' on a building near ground zero, angering neighbors and stirring complaints.
The United States ``will not stand by and wait for another attack, or trust in the restraint and good intentions of evil men,'' he declared.
For the 12-month period ending June 30, high-speed lines installed in homes and businesses increased by 45 percent.
Since last April, scientists have learned how acrylamide is formed.
I would like to publicly thank Sir Alex Ferguson for making me the player I am today.
Claudia Gonzles Herrera, an assistant attorney general in charge of the case, said the arrests show that Guatemala takes the defense of its ancient Maya heritage seriously.
DeVries did make one stop in town Wednesday - registering as a sex offender at the Soledad Police Department.
He and the other lawyers planned to stay until the river starts receding.
Halabi's military attorney, Air Force Maj. James Key, denied the charges, which could carry a death penalty.
I started crying and yelling at him, 'What do you mean, what are you saying, why did you lie to me?'
Earlier, he told France Inter-Radio, I think we can now qualify what is happening as a genuine epidemic.
The global death toll is 770 with more than 8300 people sickened since the severe acute respiratory syndrome virus first appeared in southern China in November.
His lack of co-operation was allowing other Jemaah Islamiah fugitives to remain at large, Mr Dila told the court.
A second bomb, evidently carried by the other woman, did not explode; the authorities found explosives and detonated them afterward.
The PCs are scattered across the United States, Canada and South Korea.
There were sharply conflicting reports tonight on the death toll.
Advancing issues outnumbered decliners nearly 2 to 1 on the New York Stock Exchange.
Dusty had surgery for cancer in 2001 and had a kidney removed.
Business Week's online edition reported on Friday that WorldCom and the SEC could announce a settlement as early as Monday.
In early trading, the Dow Jones industrial average was down 39.94, or 0.4 percent, at 8,945.50, having slipped 3.61 points Monday.
We're seeing some very high levels of widespread flu infections in some places, said Dr. Julie Gerberding, director of the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
Germany, another opponent of the war currently on the U.N. Security Council, has moved closer to the United States, and did not insist on a timetable Monday.
Snow's remark on the dollar's effects on exports ``has a psychological impact,'' said Hans Redeker, head of foreign- exchange strategy at BNP Paribas.
Defense lawyers had said a change of venue was needed because massive pretrial publicity had tainted the jury pool against their client.
It is essential that proceedings against accused terrorists both be fair and appear fair to outside observers, he said.
Sprint plans to move half of its 8 million local lines from hard-wired circuits to packet networks in the next six years.
International rescue workers hacked desperately through flattened debris for survivors and cemeteries overflowed in Iran's ancient Silk Road city of Bam yesterday.
His band in the early 1930's included the pianist Teddy Wilson, the saxophonist Chu Berry, the trombonist J. C. Higginbotham and the drummer Sid Catlett.
Clark said the program would cost about $100 million a year and would be part of the Department of Homeland Security.
Retail industry experts predict the next five days will likely make or break Christmas 2003 for many retailers.
The AP quotes a local policeman as saying the British troops were targeted by townspeople angry over civilian deaths during a demonstration yesterday in the town of Majar Al-Kabir.
In the first quarter, SCO had reported a net loss of $724,000, or 6 cents per diluted share, on revenue of $13.5 million.
The per-share earnings were also 4 cents per share higher than the expectations of analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call.
The MSN Messenger 6 software will be available from 11 a.m.
PST on Wednesday, according to Microsoft.
Lay had contended that turning over the documents would violate his Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination.
In version 4.1, a new web-based Distributed Authoring and Versioning interface speeds up the flow of information between workstations and the server.
The New York Yankees took third baseman Eric Duncan from Seton Hall Prep in New Jersey with the 27th pick.
The high court will hear arguments Wednesday on whether companies can be sued under the ADA for refusing to rehire rehabilitated drug users.
No company employee has received an individual target letter at this time.
United Airways plans to offer in-flight, two-way e-mail on all domestic flights by the end of the year, becoming the first U.S. carrier to do so.
That is up from $1.14 billion during the same quarter last year.
Certain to give Democrats hope was Bush's hypothetical matchup with a generic Democrat; the president prevailed 43 percent to 38 percent.
The findings were reported online in the June 1 edition of scientific journal Nature Medicine.
The $87 billion budget includes $51 billion for military operations in Iraq, another $20 billion for reconstruction and about $11 billion for Afghanistan.
Genetic studies of ethnic groups raise concerns because of fears that they could be used or distorted to justify discrimination against a group or to promote stereotypes.
He was taken to a hospital for precautionary X-rays on his neck.
But Peterson added, I don't know anybody in the conference committee who's fighting to keep it out completely.
John Clare, Dixons chief executive, objected to the Commission's findings.
He said the problem needs to be corrected before the space shuttle fleet is cleared to fly again.
In December 1998, a 33-year-old woman died when she was hit by a metal cleat that came loose from the Columbia sailing ship.
September and third quarter data confirm that demand in the global semiconductor market is rising briskly, said George Scalise, president of the SIA.
If the other rating agencies also downgrade us..
In an editorial in the journal, two breast cancer researchers said hormones' effect on the breast creates a double-whammy that is almost unique in medicine.
The latest outbreak seems to have begun with one of the female patients, a transfer from Jen Chi Hospital in Taipei.
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR slid 1-10/32 for a yield of 4.30 percent, up from 4.23 percent.
Shares of McDonald's rose $1.83, or 8.3 percent, to close at the day's high of $23.89.
Now, for the first time, those without Internet access can sign up by phone by making a single toll-free call to (888) 382-1222.
Naim al-Goud, the newly appointed mayor of Hit, said people from outside his region attacked the pipeline.
He said that by allowing power companies more flexibility, the Clear Skies Initiative would result in greater efficiency and therefore less pollution.
Powers said almost all supercomputer users would rather pay companies like IBM to do all that than try to build their own.
Landing on an aircraft carrier doesn't make up for the loss of 2.7 million jobs in America, Kerry said.
The layoffs at Eddie Bauer headquarters were dispersed across the company and at all levels, spokeswoman Lisa Erickson said.
Three such vigilante-style attacks forced the hacker organiser, who identified himself only as Eleonora67], to extend the contest until 8am (AEST) today.
But the new vaccine will not even begin to be tested in people until 2005 and will not be approved for use for several years after that.
Naval Academy spokesman Cmdr. Rod Gibbons said: ``Today's announcement came as a surprise.
Rashidi Ahmad, 33, was found dead in his pickup truck after it crashed into a building at Lincolnshire and Williamsborough drives, near Franklin Boulevard.
In his speech, Stern says his members are totally comfortable with Dean's positions on health care issues.
Nvidia's acquisition has been approved by directors at both companies, and is expected to close in the Nvidia's third quarter of fiscal 2004.
The proportion of Americans with insurance from employers declined to 61.3 percent, from 62.6 percent in 2001 and 63.6 percent in 2000.
The report cites the marriage of the alleged operational commander of the Bali bombings, Mukhlas, as an example of how JI uses marriage to grow.
Intel said midway through its quarter, which ended in June, that business was exactly as expected.
The Nasdaq composite index added 30.46 points, or 2 percent, to 1,520.15.
The Domino application server is going to be around for at least the next decade.
Sweeney is to formally announce the campaign in a speech Wednesday in Detroit.
Goodrem spent yesterday resting in her family home in Sydney and will have more tests today to determine her exact treatment.
As a result of the decision, Brown said CareFirst subscribers won't have access to Blue Cross Blue Shield nationwide and to international service providers.
Jason Giambi capitalized with an RBI single to center.
Ray Brent Marsh, 29, faces multiple counts of burial service fraud, making false statements, abuse of a dead body and theft.
The justices declined without comment to review the ruling that upheld physicians' rights to speak freely with their patients.
The defeat of the ninth seed Daniela Hantuchova on Wednesday was the only thing to disrupt an otherwise orderly second round in Serena Williams's half of the women's draw.
Under state law, DeVries must be released to the jurisdiction in which he was convicted.
The Prime Minister today admitted that critics are “rubbing their hands at the scope for embarrassing him”.
Prof Sally Baldwin, 63, from York, fell into a cavity which opened up when the structure collapsed at Tiburtina station, Italian railway officials said.
The audiotape aired last week by the Arab Al-Jazeera television network appears to be an effort to incite attacks.
The SIA said chip sales were expect to rise 16.8 percent to $180.9bn next year, followed by a 5.8 in 2005.
It is priced at $5,995 for an unlimited number of users tapping into the single processor, or $195 per user with a minimum of five users.
NBC probably will end the season as the second most popular network behind CBS, although it's first among the key 18-to- 49-year-old demographic.
Clearly Roman creams of any type, paint or cosmetic, do not normally survive ... it's pretty exceptional.
Three Southern politicians who ``stood up to ancient hatreds'' were honored Monday with Profile in Courage Awards from the John F. Kennedy Library and Museum.
At 12:10 p.m.
EDT, Canada's benchmark S&P/TSX composite index was up 6.87 points or 0.1 per cent to 6,979.29.
There is no conscious policy of the United States, I can assure you of this, to move the dollar at all, he said.
The US responded coolly to the EU deadline, warning that trade sanctions would backfire by hurting European consumers.
The report shows that drugs sold in Canadian pharmacies are manufactured in facilities approved by Health Canada, which serves a similar role as the FDA for the Canadian government.
Rescue workers had to scrounge for boats to retrieve residents stranded by high water.
South Africa has the world's highest caseload with 4.7 million people infected with HIV or AIDS.
A former FBI informant, Whitey Bulger is now on the agency's Ten Most Wanted list alongside Osama bin Laden.
The study was presented yesterday in Chicago at the annual meeting of the Radiological Society of North America.
Severe acute respiratory syndrome has infected more than 8,300 worldwide and killed at least 790, most of them in Asia.
The industry groups non-manufacturing index rose to 50.7 during the month, up from Marchs reading of 47.9.
The outage resurrected memories of other massive power blackouts, including one in 1977 that left about 9 million people without electricity for 25 hours.
Some of the companys software developers will join Microsoft, but details havent been finalized, said Mike Nash, corporate vice president of Microsofts security business unit.
The remains of three illegal immigrants were found Tuesday in a sweltering railroad car after fellow immigrants escaped and left behind their weakened companions.
But skeptics are concerned about the ease with which vendors can use these hardware-based security features to set digital rights management policies.
Foam flaking off from all over the tank left dozens of pockmarks each flight on the thermal tiles that cover much of the shuttle, Turcotte said.
Her lawyers are trying to obtain a free pass to download or upload music on-line illegally.
The winner of the Williams-Mauresmo match will play the winner of Justine Henin-Hardenne vs. Chanda Rubin.
He said he had made it very plain to the US that Australia did not support the death penalty.
It's a terrible tragedy, people who were on the way home, all of a sudden, taken from us, Bloomberg said at a dockside news conference.
Researchers found that people 65 and older who had fish once a week had a 60% lower risk of Alzheimer's than those who never or rarely ate fish.
But a source close to the Pentagon said the Defense Department's own inspector-general had been asked to investigate how the licences were awarded.
It was third time lucky for the 46-year-old explorer who twice had to abandon attempts to make ballooning history.
Meanwhile, Harrison said, investigators were working through the holiday to prevent a potential outbreak of the deadly disease and to calm public fears about the food supply.
Mr. Caramore said the district waited for the subpoenas and planned to cooperate with the investigation.
The Securities and Exchange Commission also filed a civil fraud complaint against Dinh, of Phoenixville.
The Justice Department filed suit Thursday against the state of Mississippi for failing to end what federal officials call disturbing abuse of juveniles and unconscionable conditions at two state-run facilities.
Blair took over the Labour Party when his predecessor John Smith died of a heart attack in 1994.
But quartet members are divided 3-1, the United States against the rest, on whether they should treat Arafat as the representative of the Palestinian people.
Taiwan reported 18 additional cases giving it a total of 149 cases and 13 deaths.
After serving as a marine in World War II, he began submitting articles to magazines.
The judge's decision ended an 18-month process that included a frenzy of last-minute negotiations between bidders and creditors during a standing-room only purchasing hearing in U.S. Bankruptcy Court.
Several states and the federal government later passed similar or more strict bans.
The deficit is still expected to top $500 billion in 2004 -- even with an improving economy.
Smallpox is not the only threat to the public's health, and vaccination is not the only tool for smallpox preparedness, Strom said.
That's why the Americans - with all their technology - can't find him.
Biotech products, if anything, may be safer than conventional products because of all the testing, Fraley said.
Microsoft calls it: A brand new client platform for building smart, connected, media-rich applications in Longhorn.
Our prognosis for a continued and steady recovery is being realized and the outlook remains bright, said Greg Stuart, president and CEO of the IAB.
He was also accused of masterminding bombings that killed 22 people in Manila in December 2000.
The seal will ultimately be used to identify DHS badges, vehicles, signs, sea vessels and aircraft.
Within two years, 259, or 10 percent, of the youths reported they had started to smoke or had at least taken a few puffs.
But the prime minister told the BBC he wasn't bothered by polls and that he would continue to do what he believed to be right.
Shares of Coke were down 49 cents, or 1.1 percent, at $43.52 in early trading Friday on the New York Stock Exchange.
The bolt catcher is not as robust as it is supposed to be, the board's chairman, retired Adm. Hal Gehman, said.
I regret we had an incident that could be an impediment to progress, Powell told a news conference in neighboring Jordan.
Malvo was in the courtroom for about two minutes yesterday to allow a prosecution witness to identify him.
Its shares fell 4.6 percent, or $4.04, to $83.38 and was the blue-chip Dow's biggest percent loser.
The player's eyes were bloodshot and a blood-alcohol test produced a reading of 0.18 - well above Tennessee's level of presumed intoxication of 0.10, the report said.
A lot of these are made-up stories, Schwarzenegger told NBC television.
His other films include Malcolm X, Summer of Sam and Jungle Fever.
This is a process and there will be other opportunities for people to participate in the rebuilding of Iraq.
Hewlett-Packard is putting in for a second-quarter profit of $659 million, or 29 cents a share, on revenue of $18 billion.
The findings appear in next Friday's Physical Review Letters.
In addition, the Justice Department said that the FBI has conducted ''fewer than 10'' investigations involving visits to mosques.
Authorities looked to the public yesterday for help in solving the deadly sniper-style shootings of three people outside Charleston-area convenience stores.
Jeter, who dislocated his left shoulder in a collision March 31, took batting practice on the field for the first time Monday.
In 1998, a 33-year-old man died after he was struck by a metal cleat at the Columbia ship attraction.
Police warned residents on Friday not to travel alone and to avoid convenience stores and service stations stores at night.
The lawyer for Hollins Jr., Thomas Royce, has said his client had no link to the company that owned and operated E2.
States of emergency were declared in all four states as well as West Virginia, Delaware, New Jersey and Washington DC.
He also accused royal courtiers of poisoning the brothers’ “little minds”.
He's ashamed of his party, and I don't blame him one bit.
Conte said Druce will be charged with murder.
Pen Hadow became the first man last week to reach the geographic North Pole on an unsupported trek through Canada, a journey of about 770 km.
BOB HOPE, master of the one-liner and Americas favourite comedian, died with a smile on his face yesterday just months after celebrating his 100th birthday.
NASA plans to explore the Red Planet with ever more sophisticated robotic orbiters and landers.
Democrats now hope to increase the value of awards proposed by Hatch and to create a mechanism to ensure the fund remains solvent.
A COUPLE have been arrested for starving their four sons while letting their daughters feast in front of them.
I know of nobody who pressured anybody, Douglas Feith, undersecretary of defense for policy, said at a Pentagon briefing.
More than 10,000 people, most of them civilians, have been killed in three decades of insurgency.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index eased 7.57 points, or 0.76 percent, at 990.94.
The developers, The Related Cos. and Apollo Real Estate Advisors, hope sales top $1 billion.
No dates have been set for either the civil trial or the criminal trial.
The fifth nominee for fiction is Scott Spencer, for A Ship Made of Paper.
The Nasdaq composite index inched up 1.28, or 0.1 percent, to 1,766.60, following a weekly win of 3.7 percent.
While robbery appeared to be the motive, the suspects drove off before taking anything.
Lord of the Rings director Peter Jackson and companion Fran Walsh arrive at the 74th Annual Academy Awards.
On a positive note, C&W's estimated lease commitments -- one potential hurdle to U.S. exit -- fell 600 million pounds to 1.6 billion.
President Bush has to put Putin on notice that he is taking Russia in the wrong direction, Soros said.
The New York Mets then selected outfielder Lastings Milledge from Lakewood Ranch High School in Florida.
CELF said IBM is pursuing membership and plans to be an active participant in the forum.
It would be a daunting challenge for even the sharpest programming wizards: set up a secure computer network for the 190,000 workers in the Homeland Security Department.
Analysts' consensus estimate from Thomson First Call was for a loss of $2.08 a share, excluding one-time items.
They were released to authorities after officers delivered the soda to the gunman, using a long stick to pass the six-pack through a door.
Once identified, remains of terrorists are immediately removed from the so-called memorial park, a temporary refrigerated storage facility on Manhattan.
Each institution helped Enron mislead its investors by characterizing what were essentially loan proceeds as cash from operating activities, the SEC said in a statement.
That applies only to schools that get federal Title I money.
Ultimately, she will earn more than the $900,000 that Kenny Perry got for winning the PGA Tour event.
Bombardier and Embraer will each deliver 85 jets by September 2006, U.S. Airways said in a release.
Agnew said Pinellas began baiting when rabies cases went from zero to 30 in 1995.
Said Mr. Burke: It was a textbook landing considering the circumstances.
Months later, an unknown shooter killed Dr. Wayne Patterson, who ran Gunn's clinic.
Recall proponents say they have turned in nearly twice the number of necessary signatures.
MAX Factor cosmetics heir and fugitive rapist Andrew Luster was captured today in Puerto Vallarta, Mexico, authorities in the United States said.
My judgement is 95 percent of that information should be declassified, become uncensored, so the American people would know.
Sheriff's Department spokesman Chris Saunders said the man told them he was frustrated by the Postal Service's response to an accident involving a postal vehicle.
The results appear in the January issue of Cancer, the American Cancer Society journal, being published online today.
They were brutally beaten, and it's really a wonder that Porchia is the only deceased in this case.
Former Illinois Sen. Carol Moseley Braun ended June with $22,126 in the bank, according to her FEC report.
Kerr, who won three championships with the Chicago Bulls in the 90's and one with the Spurs in 1999, finished with 12 points, 3 assists and 2 rebounds.
Bridges is a retired Air Force major general and a former shuttle pilot.
Mr McDevitt has been granted control of three crucial aspects of policing in the Solomons.
Mr Koizumi rebuked Mr Konoike, saying his remarks were inappropriate.
We continue to work with the Saudis on this, but they did not, as of the time of this tragic event, provide the additional security we requested.
It passed only after Republicans won the support of two wavering senators, Democrat Ben Nelson of Nebraska and Republican George Voinovich of Ohio.
The deal also boosts SuSE's sales reach worldwide and enhances HP's Linux business, they said.
But the inadequate performance of students in various subgroups tagged the state as deficient under the federal No Child Left Behind act.
Dean said his plan would cost about $88 billion annually -- to be paid for by eliminating some of Bush's tax cuts.
On Friday, U.S. Attorney Roslynn Mauskopf said she would take over the probe from District Attorney William Murphy.
The Standard & Poor's 500 Index gained 10.89, or 1.2 percent, to 931.12 as of 12:01 p.m. in New York.
Microsoft has been awarded a patent for a feature in instant messaging that alerts a user when the person they are communicating with is inputting a message.
Now research by Melbourne's Alfred Hospital will change how the public and doctors check for melanomas.
The researchers found only empty cavities and scar tissue where the tumors had been.
As frequently happens to a company making a major acquisition, PeopleSoft's shares dropped during yesterday's trading, decreasing $1.42 to close at $14.97.
She concludes that what her husband did was morally wrong but not a betrayal of the public.
TVT Records sought $360 million in punitive damages and $30 million in compensatory damages, officials said.
The chain operates more than 3,400 stores, and has annual revenue of about $15.8 billion.
Prior to joining Kodak, Palumbo worked for Procter & Gamble Corp., where he managed products such as Folgers and Pantene shampoo.
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index lost 6 points, or 0.71 percent, to 927.
The government and private technology experts warned Wednesday that hackers plan to attack thousands of Web sites on Sunday in a loosely coordinated contest that could disrupt Internet traffic.
Lower courts have splintered on the issue, allowing depictions of the Ten Commandments in some instances and not in others.
United already has paid the city $34 million in penalties for not meeting the first round of employment targets.
Typhoon Maemi later moved out over the Sea of Japan, where it weakened considerably, the meteorology department said.
Last month, it narrowed the range to between $7.6 billion and $7.8 billion.
The moves came within four days of the crash and before the National Transportation Safety Board finished investigating.
A really robust space program could be had for a mere 20 cents a day from each person, he said.
Advertising and circulation revenues for Martha Stewart Living magazine have taken a hit.
And, of course, the FBI agent who ran him down received nothing - no ticket, no violation.
The department's stance disappointed some abortion opponents, and it threatens to alienate social conservatives who have provided strong political support for Ashcroft and President Bush.
He also drove in a run on a groundout against Franklin in the fifth.
Sendmail said the system can even be set up to permit business-only usage.
Regardless, its first quarter saw a profit of $721 million, or 29 cents, on revenue of $17.9 billion.
The Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC rose 17.48 points, or 1.06 percent, to 1,661.51, based on the latest available figures.
Several witnesses have told the court Bashir heads JI, accused of seeking to create an Islamic state in the region.
The actions reflect our strong forward momentum as we intensify our business focus and work to achieve profitability, said Katsumi Ihara, president of Sony Ericsson.
Maximum sustained winds were around 40 mph, with stronger gusts.
Judge Craig Doran said he couldn't determine if Hovan was an evil man but said he has committed an evil act.
Shares of McDonald's Corp. and Wendy's International Inc. continued a modest run-up on the New York Stock Exchange Monday.
For legal purposes, J.P. Morgan and Citigroup neither admit nor deny the SEC charges under the settlements.
The shares fell 72 cents, or 3.8 percent, to $18.34 Monday on the New York Stock Exchange.
Schools that fail to meet state goals for three years in a row must offer tutoring in addition to transfers.
The EU regulatory system for GM authorisation is in line with WTO rules: it is clear, transparent and non-discriminatory.
The state wanted every insurer doing business in California to turn over records of Holocaust-era insurance policies or risk losing its license to operate in the state.
Added Mr. Prodi: Maybe, but the old age helps us to understand our strengths and our weakness.
Yeager said the incident appeared to be isolated, but the suspect showed tendencies of being a prior offender.
Earlier, Bashir's supporters had defied a police order and cried Allahu Akbar (God is Greatest) as he walked to his seat.
It was the third time in four years that wildfires forced the park to close.
Of course, I want to win again, but I think it's worse when you have never won because you get anxious.
But Gelinas says only six have been fully re-evaluated.
Under the plan, Maine would act as a pharmacy benefit manager to lower the cost of prescription drugs.
By March 2003, 67 percent of broadband users connected using cable modems, compared with 28 percent using D.S.L.
Its cumulative total is $232.8 million, heading for $275 million.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index jumped 26 points, or 1.78 percent, to 1,516.
State troopers arrested the men in a stolen van at the Jubilee Market on Route 14 in Horseheads, said James Flateau, a Department of Correctional Services spokesman.
Maria de Jesus Quiej Alvarez and Maria de Teresa Quiej Alvarez arrived at the airport in separate ambulances.
The GPL violates the U.S. Constitution, together with copyright, antitrust and export control laws, and IBMs claims based thereon, or related thereto, are barred.
In addition, Goldman raised its quarterly dividend to 25 cents a share, up from 13 cents previously.
The nurse called Allison Smith with the news: The experimental drug that so effectively treated her severe peanut allergy was being taken away.
An electronic implant has helped Limbaugh regain most of his hearing.
During her two days of meetings, Rocca will not meet the rebels since they are banned by the United States as a terrorist organisation.
Pork processing giant Smithfield Foods Inc. said Monday that it won the bidding in an auction for bankrupt Farmland Industries Inc.'s pork business.
The CIA on Monday said voice and sound analysts concluded that Saddam is probably the speaker on the tape.
Infogrames is to change its name to Atari when NASDAQ opens for trading tomorrow.
WorldCom's accounting problems came to light early last year, and the company filed for bankruptcy in July 2002, citing massive accounting irregularities.
Iraqi officials here insist that the attacks are being carried out by outsiders who slip into Fallujah and attack at night.
The unemployment rate rose a tenth of a percentage point to 6.1%, the highest level since July 1994.
One man had brandished an English-Turkish dictionary and pointed to the word refugee.
New farmers say they have increased the numbers of dogs they keep for protection but former farmers say the packs are used to hunt depleted wildlife.
Selenski used the mattress to scale a 10-foot razor wire, Fischi said.
The main rebel force, the Liberians United for Reconciliation and Democracy, fears a peacekeeping force could bolster Taylor.
TI further said that, as a result of the license agreement, it will not change its prices for OMAP devices.
Generally unwanted - and often pornographic or with fraudulent intent - spam is a nuisance and a distraction, Gates writes, warming us up for the punchline.
The program will be expanded to include areas of the Middle East such as Dubai, Turkey and Malaysia, Mr. Ridge said.
Ruffner, 45, doesn't yet have an attorney in the murder charge, authorities said.
Annan warned that the dangers of extremism after September 11 should not be used as an excuse to suppress long-cherished freedoms.
Moore of Alabama says he will appeal his case to the nation's highest court.
A new feature dubbed FileVault, also new in Panther, secures the contents of a user's home directory with 128-bit AES encryption.
Their worst-case scenario is the accidental deletion or malicious falsification of ballots from the 1.42 million Californians voting electronically - 9.3 percent of the state's 15.3 million registered voters.
Of the 24 million phone votes cast, Studdard was only 130,000 votes ahead of Aiken.
It passed only after Republicans won the support of Voinovich and another wavering senator, Nelson of Nebraska.
The U.S. military's task, in this period, is to provide security.
Larger publishers such as Viacom Inc.'s VIAb.N Simon & Schuster and Bertelsmann AG's BERT.UL Random House decided against pursuing the books group, the sources said.
That fire devastated timber on the reservation, charred 469,000 acres and destroyed 491 homes in surrounding communities.
He and a colleague created the articular condyle using stem cells taken from the bone marrow of rats.
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI jumped 118 points, or 1.36 percent, to 8,829.
I regret we had an incident that could be an impediment to progress, Mr. Powell said, referring to the killing of Abdullah Qawasmeh, a leading Hamas figure.
Federal officials said the document remained sealed until Thursday morning to allow authorities to make arrests in five Western states.
Thirty-two U.S. soldiers have been killed in Iraq since President Bush declared major combat over on May 1.
Against the Swiss franc CHF= , the dollar was at 1.3172 francs, down 0.60 percent.
No wonder AOL lost 846,000 subscribers last quarter.
The review outlines the tariffs' impact on domestic steel industry and steel consumers halfway through the three-year program.
And they will learn the meaning of American justice, he said to strong and extended applause.
Token-issuing framework provides capabilities that build on WS-Security and define extensions to request and issue security tokens and to manage trust relationships and secure conversations.
We're pleased with the judge's decision, said Mark Herr, spokesman for Merrill Lynch.
In a conference call with reporters, RNC Chairman Ed Gillespie said he sent the request to CBS Television President Leslie Moonves.
As of Monday, there were 66 probable cases in and around Toronto, a city of 4 million people.
As frequently happens to a company making a major acquisition, PeopleSoft's shares dropped in Monday's trading, decreasing 87 cents to $15.52 on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
Former roommate and teammate Carlton Dotson, 21, was arrested and charged with murder July 21 after reportedly telling authorities he shot Dennehy after Dennehy tried to shoot him.
At the United Nations, the United States and Britain are seeking backing for their agenda to hand over power to Iraqis.
Trailing Arsenal by eight points two months ago, United rallied from its worst start since 1989 with an unbeaten streak stretching back to Dec.
26.
Workplace Messaging is $29, Workplace Team Collaboration is $89, and Collaborative Learning is $35.
Mr. Weill's longtime confidant, Charles O. Prince, 53, was named as his successor.
In addition, Apple's new Server Admin tool makes it easy for system administrators to set up, manage and monitor the complete set of services built into Panther Server.
Police using pepper spray arrested 12 people Monday night at a march and rally by about 400 activists protesting an annual training seminar of the Law Enforcement Intelligence Unit.
In New York, Vivendi shares were 1.4 percent down at $18.29.
The Passion will feature actor James Caviezel as Christ and actress Monica Bellucci as Mary Magdalene.
Under terms of the agreement, Legato stockholders will receive 0.9 shares of EMC common stock for each Legato share they hold.
That leaves about three dozen at risk of aid cutoffs, Boucher said without identifying them.
Earlier this week, Putnam said the Manhattan U.S. Attorney had subpoenaed its trading documents, raising the possibility of a criminal indictment.
The 51-year-old nurse worked at North York General Hospital, the epicentre of the latest outbreak.
With Smithfields leadership, Farmland Foods will succeed and continue to sustain the Midwestern communities which depend on it.
The government elements who have been causing trouble are still in place, they are attacking us.
The Institute for Supply Management said its manufacturing index was 49.4 percent last month, up from 45.4 in April.
His progress is steady, he is stable, said Dr Jack.
Express Scripts ESRX.O shares fell 3.6 percent to close at $66.89 on the Nasdaq.
The priests went through church channels first, exercising their rights under canon law.
On Hebert's body were his wallet, driver license and cell phone, its batteries drained, Tracy said.
You know I have always tried to be honest with you and open about my life, Limbaugh said during a stunning admission aired nationwide.
And if that ain't a Democrat, then I must be in the wrong meeting, he said to thunderous applause from his supporters.
But he added that De Niro is a private person and doesn't care to have his treatment out for public consumption.
The British pound flexed its muscle against the dollar, last up 1 percent at $1.6672.
BP shares slipped 48 cents to $41.72 Friday in trading on the New York Stock Exchange.
Instead of one long operation to separate the twins, Goodrich and Dr. David Staffenberg plan about three, with several weeks between each.
Indeed, Iran should be put on notice that efforts to try to remake Iraq in their image will be aggressively put down, he said.
Associated Press Writer Ken Ritter in Las Vegas contributed to this article.
Samudra, 32, is suspected of being a key figure in the al-Qaida-linked terror group Jemaah Islamiyah, which has been blamed for carrying out the bombings.
They did not nationalize them, said Manouchehr Takin of the Center for Global Energy Studies.
It's just another example of the global war on terrorism and why this is going to be a long effort.
The South Korean Agriculture and Forestry Ministry said it would scrap or return all Canadian beef in store.
There is, however, no photograph of Dr Hollingworth in the June issue of the magazine examined by The Age yesterday.
It is about a third of what I owe in the world, he told reporters.
The U.S. Supreme Court has previously ruled that students are not compelled to say the Pledge of Allegiance.
The launch marks the start of a race to find life on another planet.
Contrary to what PeopleSoft management would have you believe, Oracle intends to fully support PeopleSoft customers and products for many years to come.
The industry came under renewed scrutiny recently with the launch by New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer of an investigation of illegal trading in mutual fund shares.
Matrix Reloaded opened in limited previews Wednesday night, and its total for all five days was estimated at $135.8 million.
PeopleSoft said the JD Edwards acquisition would close in the third quarter.
That ought to be the standard — not how many people sign up, he said.
Those rating present business conditions as 'bad' increased to 30.4 per cent from 28.1 per cent, the report said.
The two flight attendants were in a serious but stable condition last night after being rushed to the Royal Melbourne Hospital.
The steel tariffs, which the U.S. president imposed in March 2002, will officially end at midnight, instead of March 2005 as initially planned.
The women said victims of rape who came forward were routinely punished for minor infractions while their attackers escaped judgment, prompting most victims to remain silent.
The promises of lawsuits came within four days of the crash and before the National Transportation Safety Board had finished the investigation.
Civil liberties groups protested and a US district judge ruled that the monument was an unconstitutional promotion of religion.
It also features Nvidia's own PowerMizer power management system.
That compares to a net loss of $6.6 million, or 47 cents per share, on revenue of $15.5 million in 2002's second fiscal quarter.
It got up on his personal radar screen in the past week, and I had to get my pitch.
South San Francisco, Calif.'s Genentech, the world's No. 2 biotech company, advanced 6.6 percent to $66.73.
Under the NBC proposal, Vivendi would merge its U.S. film and TV business with NBC's broadcast network, Spanish-language network and cable channels including CNBC and Bravo.
This report was cleared by the Joint Intelligence Committee.
Since June of last year the Red Cross has spent $114 million on disasters, but taken in only $40 million in donations.
The National has no interest in acquiring AMP while AMP owns its UK business, Cicutto added.
Between July 1, 2002 and June 30, 2003, the Red Cross spent $114 million on disaster relief, while taking in only $39.5 million.
I will pass on to him [Mr. Cheney] that Canada still remains a safe, secure and reliable supply of energy, Mr. Klein said Sunday.
Wittig resigned in late November about two weeks after being indicted on bank fraud charges in a real estate case unrelated to the company.
We stand behind this program, said Dr. William Winkenwerder, assistant secretary of defense for health affairs.
Authorities said the scientist properly quarantined himself at home after he developed SARS symptoms Dec.
10.
Dayton finished 24-6 last season, won the Atlantic-10 Conference championship and was a No. 4 seed in the NCAA Tournament.
Agents confiscated several classified documents in his possession and interrogated him.
UBS Warburg downgraded Altria, a Dow member, to neutral from buy, based on valuation.
A Stage 1 episode is declared when ozone levels reach 0.20 parts per million.
The other 18 people inside the building - two visitors and 16 employees, including Harrison's ex-girlfriend - escaped without injury, Aaron said.
Treatment guidelines, many written by medical specialty organizations, outline recommended approaches to many common ailments, ranging from painkillers and exercise for arthritis to surgery for breast cancer.
Police Deputy Chief Clark Kimerer said the exercise went well, with some aspects, including the communication system between varying agencies, working better than expected.
But Mr. Crosby told The Associated Press: Right from the beginning, we didn't want to see anyone take a cut in pay.
These are defining moments for players and organizations, Anaheim coach Mike Babcock said.
Only two bidders of the six have expressed interest in the whole pie - oil tycoon Marvin Davis and Seagram heir Edgar Bronfman Jr.
I felt like it was a special day, but I didn't want to get ahead of myself, Stanford said.
Hunt's attorneys filed a motion Monday seeking to have Hunt's conviction thrown out based on the new evidence.
They also are reshaping the retail-business relationship, as companies take away concepts and practices that change how they do business internally and with others.
The company is also adding .Net and J2EE support to its Enterprise Application Environment development toolset, Sapp said.
Excluding legal fees and other charges it expected a loss of between 1 and 4 cents a share.
The world's first portal potty was soon to be rolled out at summer festivals in Great Britain.
Miodrag Zivkovic, the leader of the pro-independence opposition Liberal Alliance, came in second with 31 percent of the vote.
U.S. Special Forces troops are training Colombian soldiers at military bases in the region to protect the pipeline.
The United States welcomes a greater NATO role in Iraq's stabilization, Mr. Powell told his colleagues in a speech today.
The boy's mother, Patricia Cooper, started coming to the church about three months ago after she met one of its members at a doctor's office, Hemphill said.
Mr. Yandarbiyev resides in Doha, Qatar, and Russian authorities have unsuccessfully tried to have him extradited for nearly two years.
Harris and Klebold killed 12 students and a teacher before taking their own lives on April 20, 1999.
State air regulators and two automakers have settled a lawsuit challenging the nation's toughest auto emissions program, a spokesman for California's air board said Monday.
As expected, second-quarter sales were weak driven by the combination of declining retail inventories and market-share losses, Chief Executive Robert Eckert said in a statement.
The prime ministers of China, Russia and four Central Asian countries signed agreements on Tuesday that set plans in motion for a long-awaited regional anti-terrorism centre in Uzbekistan.
To examine the uranium enrichment program -- ElBaradei's priority -- the IAEA says it must inspect facilities that are not officially declared as nuclear sites.
Comcast Class A shares were up 8 cents at $30.50 in morning trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
The new policy gives greatest weight to grades, test scores and a student's high school curriculum.
Maurice Greene advanced to the semifinals of the 100-meter dash at the World Track and Field Championships.
The decision is among the far-reaching deregulatory actions made during the Bush administration.
In Uganda, Anglican spokesman Jackson Turyagyenda said the church was very disappointed.
In 2001, there were 6.5 million high-tech jobs in the United States.
The U.S. Supreme Court will hear arguments on Wednesday on whether companies can be sued under the Americans with Disabilities Act for refusing to rehire rehabilitated drug users.
He said that most of the 250 persons living near the disaster site were asleep when the cloudburst took place late on Thursday evening.
PeopleSoft's board now has 10 business days to evaluate the Oracle offer and make a recommendation to its shareholders.
A woman who underwent such an abortion could not be prosecuted under the bill.
If we don't march into Tehran, I think we will be in pretty good shape, he said.
Billy Hodge, 11, is engrossed with the Harry Potter series books.
They made a similar discovery in Houston on another aircraft, Dallas-based Southwest said in a statement.
Knight has 29 interceptions in six seasons, all with New Orleans -- including a team-high five last season.
At 10 p.m., Odette was centered about 295 miles south-southeast of Kingston, Jamaica, and was moving northeast near 8 mph.
Cordiant has been on the block since it lost the key Allied Domecq account in April.
Barrera said Luster gave police a false name immediately after his arrest Wednesday but later revealed his true identity.
In a statement, Microsoft said the dividend is payable Nov.
7 to shareholders of record on Oct.
17.
Taupo had been leading Mr Kibblewhite, 62, of Rotorua, on a three-day walk with a tramping party of eight.
Our party will never be the choice of the N.R.A., and I'm not looking to be the candidate of the N.R.A., a reference to the National Rifle Association.
Sales -- a figure watched closely as a barometer of health -- rose 5 percent instead of falling as many industry experts predicted.
Except for a few archaic characteristics, they are as recognizable as Hamlet's poor Yorick.
But those modest gains weren't nearly enough to offset the loss of 43,000 jobs in Santa Clara County and 18,000 jobs in the San Francisco-Peninsula-Marin area.
The quick conviction followed a 2 1/2 week trial, during which the Venango County man represented himself.
If he is successful in reaching a so-called hudna, he will hold more talks with Sharon, their third one-on-one in a month.
In the second quarter last year, the company experienced a net loss of $185 million, or 54 cents a share, on sales of $600 million.
Ridge said that no actual explosives or other harmful substances will be used.
Launched from space shuttle Atlantis (news - web sites) in 1989, Galileo will have traveled about 2.8 billion miles by the time it hits Jupiter.
In a generous gesture of uncharacteristic compassion, Samudra claims: At that time I didn't agree because the people who will be the victims are schoolchildren.
Of those who signed the letter, 57 are senators, including 24 Republicans.
Sandy Mitchell, 44, from Kirkintilloch, Glasgow, and William Sampson, a British citizen born in Glasgow, face beheading in public.
But the measure also requires the secretary of health and human services to certify that the reimportation can be done safely.
While a month's supply of aspirin can cost less than $10, the equivalent amount of ticlopidine can run significantly more than $100.
Loan losses, investment writedowns and legal costs led to the loss last year, the largest ever for a European bank.
We condemn the Governing Council headed by the United States, Sadr said in a fiery sermon at Koufa mosque near Najaf.
York had no problem with MTA's saying the decision to shift funds was within its powers.
The Sunshine Group LTD represented the developers, The Related Companies and Apollo Real Estate Advisors LP, on the deal.
The WHO said in a report on Wednesday that most resistant bacteria growth among humans was not due to farmers, but to overuse of antibiotics by doctors.
When the butterflies were exposed to constant light, they flew directly towards the sun, presumably because they no longer had any sense of time.
Wal- Mart, Kohl's Corp., Family Dollar Stores Inc., and Big Lots Inc. posted May sales that fell below Wall Street's modest expectations.
The shares represent more than half the 115.9 million shares Turner held at the end of April, according to Bloomberg data.
It still remains to be seen whether the revenue recovery will be short or long lived, he said.
Police arrested a potential suspect Monday in the abduction of a 9-year-old who was found safe after two days, the police chief said.
Landing on an aircraft carrier doesn't make up for the loss of 2.5 million jobs in America, said the senator, a much-decorated Vietnam War veteran.
The only commercial carrier flying to Baghdad, Royal Jordanian, also suspended its flights for three days.
But in San Francisco, 80 percent of men and only 59 percent of women washed their hands.
Mr Gilbertson would have been entitled to these (pension) payments irrespective of the circumstances in which he left the company, Mr Argus said.
The Nasdaq composite index increased 10.73, or 0.7 percent, to 1,514.77.
It will appear in the next few weeks on the Web site of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
Inhibited children tend to be timid with new people, objects, and situations, while uninhibited children spontaneously approach them.
Near a mosque in the northern town of Mosul, rebel gunmen also assassinated a Sunni Muslim tribal leader who backed the coalition.
In addition, UDDI will have to significantly be improved to handle those aspects of SOAs.
The agency wants him to return the illegal proceeds with interest and pay civil monetary penalties.
The two powerful men also disagree about ethanol (sacred in Iowa) and authorizing oil and gas drilling in Alaska's wildlife refuge.
Massachusetts regulators and the Securities and Exchange Commission on Tuesday pressed securities fraud charges against Putnam Investments and two of its former portfolio managers for alleged improper mutual fund trading.
The Institute for Supply Management's manufacturing index dipped to 53.7 from 54.7 in August.
Kerry Kennedy Cuomo and Andrew Cuomo have been married 13 years.
Police and school officials agreed last week to step up police presence in response to reports of increased violence and gang activity.
The bishop told police he thought he had hit a dog or a cat or that someone had thrown a rock at his vehicle.
A rival distributor, Mike Selwyn from United International Pictures, says that unlike The Matrix Revolutions, he cannot detect any advance scepticism, even within the business.
The group's leadership in Gaza insisted on Tuesday that it was still committed to the ceasefire.
China would become the third nation to achieve manned spaceflight.
A senior Malaysian member of JI testified in June that Bashir had approved the church bomb attacks and had called a meeting to plan Megawati's assassination.
The attack followed several days of disturbances in the city where American soldiers exchanged fire with an unknown number of attackers as civilians carried out demonstrations against the American presence.
That was up from the year-ago quarter, when the company earned $54.3 million, or 22 cents a share.
The special tests were developed to measure student progress in meeting the state's standards for the content taught in each grade.
The Pentagon statement said that allowing Hamdi access to a lawyer is not required by domestic or international law and should not be treated as a precedent.
Negotiators talked with the boy for about an hour and a half, Bragdon said.
The weekend arrest of Russia's richest man, Mikhail Khodorkovsky, chief executive of oil major YUKOS, on charges of fraud and tax evasion unnerved financial markets.
In Nigeria alone, the report said, as many as 1 million women may be living with the condition.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index gave up 11.91 points, or 1.19 percent, at 986.60.
Shelley's office released signature counts late Friday and said counties had reported counting 575,926 signatures so far.
NASA officials are delicately seeking advice on what to do with the 84,000 shattered pieces from Columbia, cautiously broaching the idea of putting some shuttle parts on display.
This change in attitude gave upscale purveyors including Neiman Marcus Group Inc. and Nordstrom Inc., along with some boutique retailers, strong sales gains in May.
United States State Department spokesman Richard Boucher said: 'It is our judgment that the possible avenues to a peaceful resolution were not fully explored at the Tokyo conference.
The seizure of the money was confirmed by a US Treasury official assigned to work with Iraqi financial officers in Baghdad in rebuilding the country's banking and financial system.
I believe it is my duty to not only represent Australia but the people of the world as one to take a stance against terrorism. 
Authorities identified the tipster as Richard Powell, who is imprisoned for killing his landlady in 1982.
Global Crossing wants documents related to the regulatory-approval process and information on XO employee Carl Griver, who used to work for Global Crossing.
Dan brings to Coca-Cola enormous experience in managing some of the world's largest and most familiar brands, Heyer said in a statement.
They were just making sure they dotted all the I's and crossed all the T's, said Schooff.
Smashed cars and buses, ruined buildings, scattered debris and spot fires added to the realism.
But the timing of homecomings for those soldiers, as well as the division's 3rd Squadron, 7th Cavalry Regiment, is now indefinite.
The number of host names using BSD is nearing 4 million, whereas the number of active sites is nearly 2 million, Netcraft said.
Uruguayan armoured personnel carriers trained mounted machine guns down Bunia's empty main street, but they were under orders not to open fire.
A Qwest spokeswoman, Kate Varden, declined to say how much in sales the company received from the United States government.
AMD reported a net loss of $140 million for the quarter ended June 29, on sales of $645 million.
Bryant was interviewed and was cooperative, said Kim Andree, a spokeswoman for the sheriff's office.
After Alabama voters rejected his $1.2 billion tax plan Sept.
9, Riley forecast significant cuts in state programs.
Lawmakers at the closed-door hearing focused on the National Intelligence Estimate reports on Iraq's chemical, biological and nuclear weapons programs.
Long lines formed outside gas stations and people rushed to get money from cash machines Sunday as Israelis prepared to weather a strike that threatened to paralyze the country.
In the earlier survey, 63 percent of home broadband users had cable modems, compared with 34 percent who connected with DSL technology.
This proposed investment starts the process of raising the funding we need to increase our capacity, Elpida President Yukio Sakamoto said in a news release.
The word Advent, from Latin, means the coming.
US authorities blame Al Qaeda for the attacks, which killed 231 people, including 12 Americans.
Officials said one provision in the Senate-passed measure accounted for $40 billion over 10 years in the CBO calculation.
Mr. Bush said he was taking the action in response to Hamas's claim of responsibility for the bus bombing in Israel on Tuesday that killed 20 people.
Hester said Sanmina's offer was the best among several Newisys received from electronics manufacturers and computer makers.
Like the outgoing centre-left coalition, the next government is expected to come under pressure to hand over indicted war criminals or risk losing Western aid.
The value of BP's investment has risen since the deal was announced in February.
He said federal regulators would work with the corporation to ensure a smooth transition.
Legal experts say the case may mark the first time a parent has been convicted of contributing to a child's suicide.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC climbed 19.11 points, or 1.2 percent, to 1,615.02.
He has been at UCSD since 1991 and was appointed chancellor in 1996, after spending 22 years with AT&T Bell Labs, where he worked on superconductors and other materials.
Under the agreement, Medicare coverage for drug benefits would begin in 2006.
They described the intruder as being in his 30s to early 40s, from 5-feet-2 to 5-feet-5-inches tall, weighing about 160 pounds.
Most of those on board were Lebanese but some were from Benin, Guinea and Sierra Leone.
But American troops will not shrink from mounting raids in the locations of their foes that can be pinpointed.
Merrill Lynch upgraded the business software maker to buy from neutral with a 12-month price target of $15.
But while Microsoft's share of the low-end server software market has increased since the EU's investigation started five years ago, the firm has denied anti-competitive practices are to blame.
The exotic animal trade is enormous, and it continues to spiral out of control.
He said the situation undermines efforts to win international co-operation in the war on terror.
I'm taking his office, and we're gonna keep on building,'' he vowed. 
We've destroyed about one half of al Qaeda, the top operators of al Qaeda, and that's good.
30 years waiting for you, read one banner hoisted over the crowd, as many concert-goers wept tears of happiness.
The report said the Corpus Christi-based agent twice called Escobar while the legislator was with the other protesting Democrats in Ardmore, Okla.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index edged up 1.01 points, or 0.1 percent, at 1,012.67.
Economists said the report on wholesale prices showed producers were having a tough time trying to raise prices.
Mr Gilbertson would have been entitled to these superannuation payments irrespective of ... (how) he left the company, Mr Argus said.
This deal makes good sense for both companies, said Brian L. Halla, National's chairman, president and CEO.
The DirectBand network was developed with the assistance of SCA Data Systems.
I will support a constitutional amendment which would honor marriage between a man and a woman, codify that, he said.
A top aide to Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver was arrested yesterday for allegedly raping a 22-year-old legislative staffer after a night on the town.
But in the first 30 seconds after Young entered the ring, the family knew it was an uneven match, Meyers said.
In Iraq, Sen. Pat Roberts, R-Kan., chairman of the intelligence committee, said on CNN's Late Edition Sunday, we're now fighting an anti-guerrilla ... effort.
Separated by a few metres, Mr Laczynski pressed against the metal fence which divides court officials from the crowd.
An evaluation of 240 arthritis patients suggested there was no overall net clinical benefit from taking the medicine, the companies said in a statement distributed by Business Wire.
It's manageable, and the integration is exceeding almost every expectation we set for ourselves.
O'Keefe declined to discuss whether such photos from spy satellites might have been able to detect the small crack in the wing.
The mission of the CAPPS II system has been and always will be aviation security, said the administration, part of the Homeland Security Department.
Kay was sent to Iraq to co-ordinate efforts to find the weapons that US intelligence reported before the invasion that ousted Iraqi president Saddam Hussein had.
Two convicted killers and another inmate escaped from a state prison on a busy street Wednesday by cutting through a fence, a Corrections Department official said.
Also at increased risk are those whose immune systems suppressed by medications or by diseases such as cancer, diabetes and AIDS.
The MDC called the week-long protest to urge Mugabe either to resign or to negotiate a settlement of the crisis gripping the country.
Germans represent more than a quarter of all foreign visitors to Italy and 40 percent of hotel bookings.
Strikingly, the poll saw little difference between women and men in their feelings towards Mrs Clinton.
Leaving aside attorney fees, we're dealing with bragging rights of who wins and who loses, said Gammerman.
Dittemore announced his plans to resign on April 23.
The cleanup, including new carpeting, electrical wiring and bathrooms, cost about $130 million.
Sutherland is the 65-year-old computing pioneer who co-founded Evans & Sutherland, which made high-performance graphics computers.
SCO is suing IBM for misappropriation of trade secrets, tortious interference, unfair competition and breach of contract.
Among the Group of Seven nations, the leading indicator rose to 119.1 from 118.2 in April.
WALL St regained a positive track today following news that two of Saddam Hussein's sons were among four Iraqis killed in a US raid in northern Iraq.
Among those awaiting Schwarzenegger's decision was former Los Angeles Mayor Richard Riordan.
Writing safe programs that demonstrate an infection vector is adequate [to demonstrate a vulnerability] without building in the reproductive sequences.
Mosel was unable to present financial statements in time due to mergers among subsidiaries and a change of accountants, the company said on Monday.
Mr Jouejati said that with the US-backed road map in a coma the attack could easily widen through the region.
In a mixture of ancient pagan and modern Christian rites, the villagers have staged a series of ceremonies hoping to erase the misfortunes they believe have kept them poor.
Staff Writer Diane Lade and The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Mitzna and party secretary Ophir Pines agreed to convene party organizations within 10 days to discuss whether new primaries would be held or a temporary leader appointed.
The hospital has been guarded by more than a dozen undercover police and military intelligence officers, said officials.
Officials tentatively planned to burn about 2,000 acres of dense forest by dropping incendiary devices from the air, aiming to remove fuel from the wildfire's path.
There are more surprises than you can possibly imagine, Gov. Gray Davis told reporters at a campaign stop in Compton.
SCO has not shown us any evidence that we violated our agreements, spokeswoman Trink Guarino said.
In a series of raids, Moroccan police arrested 33 suspects Saturday, including some linked to the radical Djihad Salafist group, a senior government official said.
Sales of $21.6 billion, up 10 percent from $19.7 billion a year ago, were ahead of Wall Street's estimate of $21.4 billion.
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said there were 19 reported cases of measles in the United States in 2002.
Sgt. Ernest Bucklew, 33, was coming home from Iraq to bury his mother in Pennsylvania.
They varied greatly, ranging from one per cent or two per cent to 36 per cent for a speciality US brand called American Spirit.
When his grandmother, then-Princess Elizabeth, turned 21 in 1947, the day was declared a public holiday, and she attended a reception and a ball.
Already in beta, Veritas' File System, Volume Manager and Cluster Server products for SuSE Enterprise Linux Server should drop into the hands of customers in early 2004.
Another 152,054 are from IP services company NTT/Verio, and 129,378 from InfoSpace, the survey found.
Redman has allowed two earned runs or less in six of his nine starts.
She was booked out of view of the media, then released without bail until her next court appearance June 19.
This change in attitude gave upscale purveyors including Neiman Marcus, the parent of Bergdorf Goodman; and Nordstrom strong sales gains in May.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index shed 15 points, or 0.98 percent, to 1,492.
Despite such optimism, Taiwan's SARS crisis threatened to whirl out of control in the last week of May.
The suspected militants ambushed the convoy Saturday near the town of Spinboldak, said U.S. military spokesman Lt. Col. Douglas Lefforge.
The UMass president has acknowledged talking to him once since he went on the lam in 1995, just before federal indictments were handed down.
People in a van opened fire on a pickup and SUV believed to be transporting illegal immigrants, said Pinal County Sheriff Roger Vanderpool.
The readings came back at 160 on June 16 and 120 at June 23 at one of three sampling sites at Huntington Beach.
PeopleSoft, of Pleasanton, California, said the deal would increase its 2004 earnings, excluding amortization and other items.
Blair's Foreign Secretary Jack Straw was to take his place on Monday to give a statement to parliament on the European Union.
Albertsons and Kroger's Ralphs chain locked out their workers in response.
More than half of the songs were purchased as albums, Apple said.
Human Genome said ABthrax could be available for emergency use as early as the end of 2004.
An amendment to remove the exemption for the state-sanctioned sites failed on a much closer 237-186 vote.
The state has received 19 entries in that competition and is working with families of victims to select a winner.
It also said it would reconsider its support for the 2003 show, which took place last month.
However, the report also tells us that once the problem grew to a certain magnitude, nothing could have been done to prevent it from cascading out of control.
With the target funds rate at 1 percent, substantial further conventional easings could be implemented if the FOMC judged such policy actions warranted, he said.
Initial autopsy reports show they died of dehydration, hyperthermia and suffocation.
The test was conducted by the University of California at Los Angeles and Riverside and was paid $450,000 from the ARB.
Monday ratcheted up its database software line with the introduction of a new suite that automates the process of defining, describing and indexing information contained in the database.
Milwaukee prosecutors charged a church minister with physical abuse in the death of an 8-year-old autistic boy who died during a healing service.
They said: “We believe that the time has come for legislation to make public places smoke-free.
Nine seconds later, SpaceShipOne broke the sound barrier, the company said.
The federal government intends to introduce legislation later this year that will ban unsolicited commercial e-mail, the Minister for Communications and Information Technology, Senator Richard Alston announced today.
However, John Clare, chief executive of the Dixons Group, expressed his disappointment.
Its former chief Mickey Robinson was fired for cause when he left in September, the company said.
Chante Jawaon Mallard, 27, is charged with murder and tampering with evidence.
Mr. Swan's group supported the governor's Democratic opponent, Bill Curry, in the 2002 election.
Shares of Halliburton fell 71 cents, or 3 percent, to close at $21.59 yesterday on the New York Stock Exchange.
Contribute 2 costs 69 for an individual license, the same as the existing version.
Florida's primary isn't until March 9 - following 28 other states.
I wanted to bring the most beautiful people into the most beautiful building, he said Sunday inside the Grand Central concourse.
The lawyer for Hollins Jr., Thomas Royce, has said his client had no link to the company that owned and operated E2.
A lieutenant colonel in the People's Liberation Army, Yang is the son of a teacher and an official at an agricultural firm.
Crews worked to install a new culvert and prepare the highway so motorists could use the eastbound lanes for travel as storm clouds threatened to dump more rain.
A soldier was killed Monday and another wounded when their convoy was ambushed in northern Iraq.
The jump in tobacco shares was led by New York-based Altria, whose shares rose almost 10 percent to $38.28.
It is safe to assume the Senate is prepared to pass some form of cap, King said.
Platinum prices soared to 23-year highs earlier this year after President Bush (news - web sites) proposed investing $1.2 billion for research on fuel cell-powered vehicles.
Shares in BA were down three percent at 165-1/4 pence by 0933 GMT, off a low of 164 pence, in a stronger market.
Federal Judge William Barbour said Tuesday he imposed the maximum sentence because Avants showed no remorse in the brutal slaying.
He really left us with a smile on his face and no last words ...
He gave us each a kiss and that was it, she said.
The remaining five men continue to be questioned under Section 17 of the Terrorism Act.
In recent years, Mr. Hampton continued to run into trouble, facing charges of fare-beating and credit-card theft.
The steps that the Iranians claim to have taken in terms of capturing al-Qaeda are insufficient, Fleischer said.
Professor Moffitt said the results needed to be replicated before pursuing testing of individuals for the presence of the long or short versions of the gene.
The report said the agent twice called state Rep. Juan Escobar while he was with the other protesting Democrats in Ardmore, Okla.
Wyle's feature credits also include White Oleander, Enough and Donnie Darko.
Daughter Renee Jackson said she often made huge pots of, like, beans and rice with, like, meat and casseroles for the whole family.
A jury convicted rapper C-Murder, also known as Corey Miller, of second-degree murder Tuesday night in the shooting death of a 16-year-old in a Jefferson Parish nightclub.
The fight over online music sales was disclosed in documents filed last week with the judge and made available by the court yesterday.
The Dow Jones industrial average rose 49 points, or 0.47 percent, to 10,578.
Bolland told the News of the World: “I was astonished at Sir Michael’s question.
Grassley and Baucus rejected any disparity in drug benefits.
UBS Warburg downgraded Altria, a Dow member, to neutral from buy, based on valuation.
The plan is expected be disclosed Monday morning at Tech Ed 2003 during a keynote by Paul Flessner, senior vice president of Microsoft's Server Platform Division.
The Nasdaq Composite Index rose 19.67, or 1.3 percent, to 1523.71, its highest since June 18.
Sheriff's deputies found Ahmad in his truck after it crashed into a building at Lincolnshire and Williamsborough drives, just south of the Sacramento city limits along Franklin Boulevard.
Historians believe that the 157-foot warship was carrying 9 tons of gold coins to buy the loyalty of the Duke of Savoy, a potential ally in southeastern France.
America has accused Syria of not doing enough to prevent foreign fighters infiltrating through its eastern border into Iraq to attack U.S.-led coalition forces.
The company also defended its right to create a video game experience with a certain degree of realism.
Dynes will get $395,000 a year, an increase over Atkinson's current salary of $361,400.
Environmental campaigners used the eclipse to highlight the surge in light pollution across Britain.
November 17's last victim was British defense attache Stephen Saunders, who was shot and killed at point-blank range on a busy Athens road in June 2000.
Malpractice victims say limits on damage payouts make it less likely lawyers will take cases, meaning access to justice could be denied.
About 1,557 genes on chromosome 6 are thought to be functional.
I am excited to be fighting in Los Angeles and on HBO, Klitschko said.
This action in no way reduces our commitment to the North American market or changes our long-term plan for growth,O'Neill said.
The singer has been on a ventilator since the crash at his Buckinghamshire estate on Monday, with his condition last night described as “stable and comfortable”.
He'll be swept over any minute or just die of the cold, Moriarty thought.
U.S. District Judge William M. Hoeveler's removal by his superior was a victory for U.S. Sugar Corp., which led the fight against Hoeveler.
Responding, Edward Skyler, a spokesman for the mayor, said later: The comptroller's statements, while noteworthy for their sensationalism, bear no relation to the facts.
Parson was charged with intentionally causing and attempting to cause damage to protected computers.
They are tired of paying the high cost of CDs and DVDs and prefer more flexible forms of on-demand media delivery.
Spider-Man snatched $114.7 million in its debut last year and went on to capture $403.7 million.
It will also help reform the Royal Solomon Islands Police, strengthen the courts and prisons system and protect key institutions such as the Finance Ministry from intimidation.
It is routine for IBM to challenge its internal IT team to rigorously test new platforms and technology inside IBM.
The Pentagon, saying that Boykin requested it, is investigating his remarks.
Revelations of the expenditures shocked some employees at Delta, an airline that is cutting jobs as it struggles with increased security costs and fewer passengers.
Hundreds of soldiers took part in the early morning raid, an apparent signal to Hamas that Israel would not limit itself to airstrikes in Gaza.
The prizes, from the Albert and Mary Lasker Foundation, will be awarded Friday in New York.
The vendor has added 100 new third-party systems and 100 new components to the operating system's Hardware Compatibility List (HCL).
Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi, whose country holds the rotating EU presidency, said he was prepared to call another meeting of leaders next month.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX was off 1.67 points, or 0.17 percent, at 995.81.
While the rest of America grapples with an economic downturn, recession has become a permanent way of life for much of rural America, Edwards said in a speech.
Subway and bus fares rose 33 percent, from $1.50 to $2, on May 4, while tickets on suburban trains rose an average 25 percent May 1.
New Jersey was one of eleven states that asked a federal appeals court Thursday to force the Environmental Protection Agency to regulate greenhouse gas emissions.
Blair himself took the reins of the Labour Party after its leader John Smith died of a heart attack in 1994.
After retiring, he was appointed assistant secretary of energy for defense programs by then-President Ronald Reagan in 1985.
The American Anglican Council, which represents Episcopalian conservatives, said it will seek authorization to create a separate group.
Shares of Microsoft fell 1 cent to close at $25.65 on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
In Montana, tensions were high yesterday morning as officials prepared for what one official called an ugly forecast: more dry lightning and windstorms.
Pacific Northwest has more than 800 employees, and Wells Fargo has 2,400 in Washington.
President George W. Bush said he's appointed Paul Bremer, a security and counter-terrorism expert, as the top U.S. official overseeing the reconstruction of Iraq.
It was developed with consultation from more than 300 leaders in academia, industry, government and the public.
The United Nations' International Atomic Energy Agency asked for information on the allegation after the dossier was published, but Britain did not provide any, U.N. officials said.
Limbaugh's attorney, Roy Black, has accused the State Attorney's Office of having political motives for its investigation.
Freddie Mac shares fell $1.50 on Wednesday, to close at $50 on the New York Stock Exchange.
Yunos prepared the bombs' wiring, and Ghozi admitted that he prepared the switch on the alarm-clock triggers and packed the explosives, the prosecutors said.
The women said victims of rape who came forward routinely were punished for minor infractions while their assailants escaped judgment.
The product also streams Internet radio and comes with a 30-day free trial for RealNetworks' Rhapsody digital music subscription service.
The Securities and Exchange Commission yesterday said companies trading on the biggest U.S. markets must win shareholder approval before granting stock options and other stock-based compensation plans to corporate executives.
Davey started attending Northwest College, which is affiliated with the Assemblies of God, in 1999 with plans to become a minister.
Brent crude for July delivery fell 38 cents to $27.45 a barrel on London's International Petroleum Exchange.
If Poland, Spain and Germany were prepared to make concessions in Brussels, the basis for a deal could be found.
But they never climb out of the pot of beer again.
Their differences on energy and Medicare have become so pointed other members say it is embarrassing to the party.
Sliding down the ice, Moriarty and Carella hit the spongy, rocky floor of the river and immediately felt the pull.
SAN Architect and AutoAdvice can be used as stand-alone applications or as an extension to EMC's ControlCenter applications.
A few tried to rush the podium, and at least one graduate tossed his cap and gown to the stage before leaving.
Boudin, 60, a former Weather Underground member, was granted parole last month despite heavy opposition by relatives, friends, and colleagues of the slain men.
The highly integrated amplifiers for driving microphone and speakers, the part requires only minimal external components.
A prosecutor said investigators were searching his home in Muenster in the presence of his wife when news of his death arrived.
After their arrests, the men told investigators they paid to be smuggled into Blaine, Wash., from Canada last month, two sources said.
Koizumi told reporters at his office that Konoike's remarks were inappropriate.
Johnson and four other protesters were arrested soon afterward for blocking the roadway, a state misdemeanor.
Hilsenrath and Klarman each were indicted on three counts of securities fraud.
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average jumped 118 points, or 1.36 percent, to 8,829.
The panel ordered the Commerce Department to issue revised figures for the duties within 60 days.
Selling it symbolically writes 'Finish' to that chapter in the administration of our city's schools, he said.
A floating airfield with a flight deck covering 4.5 acres, the ship took about five years to build.
O'Keefe declined to discuss whether such photos would have enough resolution to detect small cracks in the wing panels.
Paul Durousseau, 32, was charged Tuesday with five counts of first-degree murder for the Dec.
19 to Feb.
5 killings.
We think that the United States of America should support the free speech of all groups, he said.
In late morning trading, Coke shares were down 2 cents at $43.99 on the New York Stock Exchange.
Sun Microsystems Inc. on Thursday said it had added 100 new third-party systems and 100 new components to its Hardware Compatibility List for the Solaris x86 operating system Platform Edition.
The day may come when courts properly can and should declare the ultimate sanction to be unconstitutional in all cases, Wolf wrote.
These documents are indecipherable to me, and the fact is that this investigation has led nowhere, the lawyer said.
Shares of the company, the second-largest U.S. coal producer behind Peabody Energy Corp.
(BTU), were up more than 3 percent at midday.
Cavender did say: I felt that if I disagreed with Rosie too much I would lose my job.
More than 70,000 men and women from bases in Southern California were deployed in Iraq.
For the same reason Dell and Gateway can get TVs, there's no reason Wal-Mart can't get computers, said Steve Baker, an analyst with NPD Group.
The federal government is approving new pesticides without basic information such as whether they harm children, says Canada's environment commissioner.
BA shares closed down 0.89 percent at 167-1/2 pence, slightly lower than London's FTSE 100 Index which was down 0.28 percent.
The day may come, Judge Wolf continued, when a court properly can and should declare the ultimate sanction to be unconstitutional in all cases.
The specific product that is the subject of the petition, 6000 series aluminium alloy rolled plate, is used for general-purpose engineering, tooling and die applications.
Fasting glucose was 142 mg/dL on average for those given usual care, compared with 129 mg/dL in the group given specialized care (P < .01).
One of the features is the ability to delete data on a handheld device or lock down the device should a user lose it.
This individual's lawyers are trying to obtain from the court a free pass to download or upload music online illegally.
Burrell said Diana wrote a letter in October 1996 claiming there was a plot to kill her in a smash and gave it to him to keep as insurance.
Iraqi police opened fire in downtown Baghdad Wednesday after demonstrators demanding jobs stormed a police station and threw stones at officers, police said.
Five-time Tour de France winner Lance Armstrong is in Denver today for a meeting about surviving cancer.
People who are high in positive emotions sleep better, they have better diets, they exercise more, they have lower levels of these stress hormones, Cohen said.
On Tuesday in Minneapolis, the House of Bishops gave final approval on a 62-43 vote for the Rev. V. Gene Robinson of New Hampshire to become bishop.
New Line Cinema's prequel comedy, Dumb and Dumberer: When Harry Met Lloyd opened with $11.1 million.
In Open Range, Costner plays a cowboy who works with cattleman Robert Duvall.
Since posting a $3 million bond, Jackson has been keeping a low profile in Las Vegas, where he had been filming a music video.
But Mr Robinson urged the voters to be kind and sensitive and gentle to the believers who will not understand what you've done here today.
The launch marks the start of a new golden age in Mars exploration.
The judge scheduled another oversight hearing for late January.
General Myers told reporters that at first blush, it doesn't look like any rules were broken.
Tokyo Electric Power Co., Asia's largest power company, restarted the first of 17 nuclear reactors it shut down after admitting it falsified inspection reports.
Columbine gunman Dylan Klebold is shown firing a sawed-off shotgun in a video tape released by the Jefferson County Sheriff's Department.
E Ink is one of several companies working to develop electronic paper for e-newspapers and e-books, and other possible applications _ even clothing with computer screens sewn into it.
Broomhead, 34, was assigned to the 2nd Squadron, 3rd Armored Cavalry Regiment.
Hedge funds came under renewed scrutiny recently when New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer unveiled a probe of illegal trading in mutual fund shares.
Limits on damages make it less likely lawyers will take expensive cases, meaning access to justice is denied, they say.
Both of these kids are in wonderful physical condition right now, he said during a press briefing at the hospital.
The Mobile 3200+, 3000+ and 2800+ cost $293, $233 and $193 for a thousand units.
The company said that with proper funding, ABthrax could be available for emergency use as early as the end of 2004.
Another piece of the suit will be sent to Virginia for more testing, Conte said.
The damages included $24 million in compensatory damages and $52 million in punitive damages for IDJ.
Tropical Storm Claudette continued its slow churn toward the Texas coast early Sunday, with forecasters expecting the plodding storm system to make landfall as a hurricane by early Tuesday.
Douglas Robinson, a senior vice president of finance, will take over as chief financial officer on an interim basis.
As a result, 24 players broke par in the first round.
Joining Stern and McEntee on stage was International Union of Painters and Allied Trades President James Williams.
Doctors have advised that the boy get chemotherapy, but Daren and Barbara Jensen have refused, fearing the treatment would stunt Parker's growth and leave him sterile.
Swedish telecom equipment maker Ericsson (nasdaq: QCOM - news - people) scrambled up $2.19, or almost 12 percent, to $20.59.
Investigators used a jackhammer and hand tools to conduct the search but halted it until an anthropologist arrived in the northwestern Indiana city from Indianapolis.
The British Foreign Office said Monday that coalition authorities in Iraq were pleased that the men were freed.
Sen. Bob Graham, Florida Democrat, raised $2 million after getting a late start.
The latest shooting linked to the spree was a November 11 shooting at Hamilton Central Elementary School in Obetz, about 3km from the freeway.
It also unveiled an update to its Windows Server 2003 operating system, which is tuned specifically for storage devices.
At best, Davydenko's supporters were naively ignorant to tennis etiquette; at worst, they cheated – yet went unpenalised by umpire Lars Graf.
Scotland Yard said the three were charged under the Anti-Terrorism, Crime and Security Act 2001, with alleged failure to disclose information about acts of terrorism.
The safety center has a $45 million budget for its first year, much of which will be spent on tests and analyses.
Spengler replied, Didn't your mother die of breast cancer?
Park appeared to have been strangled and may have been sexually assaulted, Homicide Capt. Charles Bloom said.
James Brolin and Judy Davis play Ronald and Nancy Reagan in the CBS film.
The woman was taken to New Charing Cross Hospital by ambulance and her condition is critical.
The interview, which also focuses on Schwarzenegger's training routines and prowess as a bodybuilder, was re-printed this week on the Web Site www.thesmokinggun.com.
In Soviet times the Beatles' music was considered propaganda of an alien ideology.
It is symptomatic of the communication difficulties that often trouble the ECB, said Ken Wattret of BNP Paribas.
Earlier this month, Bremer called off a visit here, a move officials privately linked to U.S. uncertainty about the Kurdish issue.
Iran should be on notice that attempts to remake Iraq in Iran's image will be aggressively put down, he said.
I'm pleased by the fact that we are bringing this to a conclusion, he said.
BofA said yesterday it had policies in place that prohibit late-day trading.
On Friday, the Concorde started up around sunrise and seemed to launch itself straight out of the rising sun.
We preserve essential tools to foster voice competition, Copps said.
New York City and Houston fourth-graders were at the national average in writing.
Eric Gagne earned his 17th save in as many opportunities as he struck out three in the ninth and allowed only an infield single by Greg Norton.
Bryant's hearing date falls two days after the Lakers open the preseason with two games in Hawaii.
The significant highs Beijing chalked up before APEC was China's first space mission on October 15.
There were no plans to build permanent US bases in Africa, Pentagon officials said.
It's routine for IBM to challenge its internal IT teams to rigorously test new platforms and technologies inside IBM, she said.
They are actually going to record sales for Velcade this year, said Matt Geller, an analyst at CIBC World Markets.
Shadrin said Khodorkovsky's aircraft was approached by officers identifying themselves as members of the FSB domestic intelligence service.
Parents received letters informing them of the possible contamination yesterday.
The 2 1/2-ton probe will plunge into the thick Jovian atmosphere today at 1:49 p.m.
MDT, disintegrating moments later from the friction generated by its 108,000 mph free-fall.
Only Intel Corp. has a lower dividend yield.
Sources in the racing industry said Fontana will get a second NASCAR race on Labor Day weekend starting next season.
Semiconductor giant Intel Corp. said yesterday that its second-quarter profits doubled from a year ago as stronger-than-expected demand for computer microprocessors offset the weakness of its communications chip business.
In 2001, Evan helped found an after-school nonviolence program named after a college student shot and killed by a teen gang member, said Alexis Lukas, the program supervisor.
Barrenas's team tested the hearing of 479 men, aged 20 to 64, who were exposed to noise in their jobs.
With 2.3 million members nationwide, the Episcopal Church is the U.S. branch of the 77 million-member global Anglican Communion.
Geoghan, 68, was taken to Leominster Hospital, where he was pronounced dead at 1:17 p.m.
He also could be barred permanently from the securities industry.
At 8 p.m.
Friday, Henri was becoming disorganized, but still had maximum sustained winds near 50 mph, with stronger gusts.
The only other JI member to reveal similar information is Omar al Faruq, now held at a secret location by the United States.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX rose 3.47 points, or 0.36 percent, to 977.59.
Bunia has about 750 U.N. troops, compared with an estimated 25,000 to 28,000 tribal fighters in the region, with thousands deployed in and around Bunia.
It would be difficult to overestimate the potential dangers of the Remote Procedure Call (RPC) vulnerability.
During the problem liftoffs, foam left dozens of pockmarks on the thermal tiles that cover much of the shuttle, Turcotte said.
The most serious breach of royal security in recent years occurred in 1982 when 30-year-old Michael Fagan broke into the queen's bedroom at Buckingham Palace.
The interview Thursday came a day after Britain's Daily Mirror reported Sahhaf had been taken into custody.
It's a recognition that we were provided faulty information, Tom Daschle, the senate Democratic leader, told reporters.
The idea that Tony Abbott is in some way a one-dimensional political head-kicker couldn't be more wrong, Mr Howard said.
Yale spokesman Tom Conroy said the university planned to keep the campus running with managers and temporary workers performing union workers' jobs.
Statistics from the Kansas Department of Health and Environment show that 11,844 abortions were performed in the state last year.
Li is the deputy chairman of Cheung Kong (Holdings) Ltd. .
Cubs outfielder Sammy Sosa was suspended for eight games by major league baseball Friday for using a corked bat.
It would also further reduce capital expenditure by retiring some aircraft and delaying the delivery of new places.
The anguish was detectable in the voices of those of Forlong's television colleagues who would speak on Monday.
All four are expected to appear in court Tuesday or Wednesday, he said.
One witness told the Anatolian news agency he saw the plane on fire in mid-air.
Micron has declared its first quarterly profit for three years.
The Institute's national manufacturing barometer slipped to 53.7 in September from 54.7 in August.
U.S. forces struck dozens of targets on Monday, killing six guerrillas and arresting 21 others, the military said.
It is a benign web where we hope to catch investors and where each of us can advance our enlightened self-interest through cooperation with others,' said Mr Goh.
The Standard & Poor's Oil and Gas Exploration Index was up 3.6 percent.
A West Knoxville restaurant has reported several cases of hepatitis A to the Knox County Health Department.
Pappas, the teacher, said he wouldn't hesitate having Graham as a substitute.
At first blush, then, the distinction drawn by the creators of the do-not-call registry would seem to draw the line in precisely the right place.
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index advanced 11 points, or 1.25 percent, to 931.
Still, Singapore quarantined 70 people who had been in close contact with the scientist.
At the hearing he pleaded not guilty to the burial service fraud and false statements charges.
Boeing said yesterday that Southwest exercised options to purchase 15 737s for delivery next year.
It said sales of film in China during April and May were about half the amount sold in the year-ago period.
Civil liberties groups filed suit, and U.S. District Judge Myron Thompson ordered the monument moved last October, calling it an unconstitutional promotion of religion by government.
Just as before, it will be up to the council to decide the direction and the timing of the process.
The IRS said taxpayers can avoid undelivered checks by having refunds deposited directly into their checking or savings accounts.
Instead of being reprimanded by court security officers, a senior policeman smiled and shook Mr Lacsynski's hand and patted him on the shoulder.
In March, Rowland's former deputy chief of staff pleaded guilty to accepting gold and cash in return for steering state contracts.
The airline said the results showed that its recovery programme and other initiatives were helping to offset a continued deterioration in revenues.
Today, Dean ends his four-day, 10-city Sleepless Summer tour in Chicago and New York.
Next, Baltimore took Nick Markakis, a left-handed pitcher and outfielder from Young Harris Junior College in Georgia.
Intelligence officials in Washington warned lawmakers a week ago to expect a terrorist attack in Saudi Arabia, it was reported today.
Cool, moist air moved into Colorado early Thursday and brought precipitation to two wind-whipped wildfires that had forced thousands to flee and threatened several hundred homes.
The stock rose $2.11, or about 11 percent, to close on Friday at $21.51 on the New York Stock Exchange.
Finance Minister Masajuro Shiokawa said the yen has strengthened too much but declined to comment on whether Japan had intervened.
Rubbing salt in the wounds, housing starts jumped a strong 6.1 percent in May while industrial output edged up 0.1 percent, just beating forecasts of a flat outcome.
After his retirement, Foley served as assistant secretary of energy for defense programs under President Ronald Reagan.
Storage, networking and wireless products will be prevalent at the show.
Most economists had expected a more dire report, with many anticipating the fifth month of job losses in six months.
Organizers established a Web site, http://defacerschallenge.com, listing in broken English the rules for hackers who might participate.
In January, Georgia's U.N. envoy Revaz Adamia accused Russia of annexing the region and appealed to the Security Council to assume effective leadership over the peace process.
That story also named archbishops Harry J. Flynn, of Minneapolis-St.
Paul, and Edwin F. O'Brien, of the Military Services, as possible candidates.
Brian Halla, CEO of NatSemi, claimed the deal made sense for both companies.
Roberson was bitten on the back and scratched on the leg, according to her mother, Shamika Woumnm of Dorchester.
A former Utah Power meter reader pleaded guilty Wednesday to bombing a power substation during the 2002 Winter Olympics.
He gave a surprisingly impassioned speech to the United Steelworkers of America, who announced their endorsement yesterday.
The SIA forecast reflects the new realities of the semiconductor industry of an 8-10 percent growth rate, George Scalise, the trade association's president, said in a statement.
AutoAdvice is available as a one-year subscription at $400 per CPU, scaling from one to 50,000 CPUs.
The Hubble Space Telescope's newest picture of Mars shows summer on the Red Planet just as it makes its closest pass by Earth in 60,000 years.
Dell has 32 percent of the PC market in the United States, but it has only a 10 percent share in the rest of the world.
The telephone survey had a margin of error of 2 percentage points.
Mailblocks was founded five years after WebTV was acquired by Microsoft for $425 million.
I have lots of bad dreams, flashbacks and lots of anger.
He is not considered a suspect, McCabe said.
The American conservatives are clearly in the minority within the Episcopal Church.
The lawmakers were departing Wednesday and expected to arrive in Pyongyang on Friday.
Last year, Congress passed similar, though less expensive, buyout legislation for peanut farmers to end that program, which also dated from the Depression.
There was no immediate comment from Savage, who did not respond to E-mail requests for an interview.
He refused to say what percentage of domestic flights had security officers on board.
The Bush administration wants the measure approved by June 3, when the existing oil-for-food program is up for renewal.
In a 6-3 ruling, the justices said such anti-psychotic drugs can be used only in limited circumstances.
Judge Leroy Millette Jr. can reduce the punishment to life in prison without parole when Muhammad is formally sentenced Feb.
12, but Virginia judges rarely take such action.
The three men have pleaded not guilty and their lawyers have asked the High Court to dismiss the charges, saying the state has failed to present a solid case.
Kelly Boggs' column will appear daily during the June 17-18 Southern Baptist Convention annual meeting in Phoenix.
But HRT should not be used to prevent heart disease or any other chronic condition.
Variable annuity sales were $4.2 billion, 82 percent higher than a year ago.
The search was concentrated in northeastern Pennsylvania, but State Police Trooper Tom Kelly acknowledged that Selenski could be out of the area.
IBM said it believes that the investigation arose from a separate SEC investigation of a customer of IBM's Retail Store Solutions unit, which markets and sells point-of-sale products.
But butterflies housed under an earlier light cycle, 1 a.m. to 1 p.m., flew toward the southeast.
Ten police officers were facing disciplinary action today after they abandoned their street patrol to go and watch the American illusionist David Blaine.
I called the number and the lady told me she was talking on the phone to Toby Studabaker,'' Sherry Studabaker told BBC television.
The head of the intelligence service under Mr. Fujimori, Vladimiro Montesinos, was accused of tortures and disappearances.
H. Carl McCall, co-chairman of the exchange's special committee on governance, resigned Thursday, saying Reed should start with a clean slate.
The unusual decision to declassify a major intelligence report was a bid by the White House to quiet a growing controversy over Bush's allegations about Iraq's weapons programs.
A hearing on the matter was held Thursday morning in Fulton County Superior Court, marking one of the early steps in deciding the case of Matthew Whitley.
The dollar was at 117.85 yen against the Japanese currency, up 0.1 percent.
Hines died of cancer Saturday in Los Angeles, publicist Allen Eichhorn said Sunday.
Amazon's shares yesterday closed at $54.32 on the Nasdaq Stock Market, up 29 cents.
A number of conflicting standards and media formats exist today making the digital home complex to set-up and manage.
She said Jane Doe's lawyers asked Verizon to withhold her name because she was planning on challenging the subpoena.
Cintas is battling efforts to unionize 17,000 of its workers and labor's demands to let its workers organize by signing cards, rather than by a lengthy election process.
The body of a victim lies under a yellow tarp in front of a car that plowed through a crowded farmers market in Santa Monica.
Noteworthy: Cabrera became the second-youngest player to debut for the Marlins -- 20 years and 63 days.
Intel’s Xeon surpassed HP’s PA-RISC to become the most often used processor, rising from 76 systems in June to 152 systems in November.
Another big gainer was Rambus Inc. (nasdaq: RMBS - news - people), which shot 32 percent higher.
Dennehy’s family reported him missing June 19, about a week after he was last seen on the Baylor campus in Waco.
For proof, look no further than this week's Consumer Electronics Show (CES) in Las Vegas.
Apple is working with Oxford Semiconductor and affected drive manufacturers to resolve this issue, which resides in the Oxford 922 chip-set.
The new application intelligence features will be available June 3 and are included with the SmartDefense product, which comes with FireWall-1.
Williams recently toured the new soccer-specific Home Depot Center in Carson, Calif.
TSMC feels that Syndia's actions are designed to interfere with TSMC's customer relationships, the company said.
Giving up half the duties is one of several negotiating items where Canada appears to have caved in to U.S. demands and accepted less favourable terms.
Costa's semifinal opponent is Spaniard Juan Carlos Ferrero, whom he beat in last year's final.
I think we can now qualify what is happening as a genuine epidemic, Health Minister Jean-Francois Mattei said on France Inter radio.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX eased 7.57 points, or 0.76 percent, at 990.94.
Higher courts have ruled that the tablets broke the constitutional separation of church and state.
Meantime, federal authorities in Alabama said the passage of time has not hurt their case against Rudolph.
Graves reported from Albuquerque, Villafranca from Austin and Ratcliffe from Laredo.
The only other JI member to reveal similar information is Omar al Faruq, now held by the United States at a secret location.
Named after the msblast.exe file that contains the program, MSBlast continued to spread to new computers on Thursday, but the rate of infection has slowed significantly.
The threat came as Taiwanese authorities quarantined hundreds at two hospitals amid fears of an epidemic of severe acute respiratory syndrome.
Jim Williams, director of the US-VISIT project, said that by the middle of November, many arriving passengers in Atlanta will be fingerprinted and photographed.
The companies also announced plans to collaborate on the design for future generations of memory technologies.
A black pickup truck was also seen in the Campbells Creek area, Morris said.
Rescue and search operation had been going on since the tragedy happened on Thursday night, Manali Sub-Divisional Magistrate Raj Kumar Gautam told Times News Network.
Spokesman James Howe said five children aged between 4 and 17 were taken to hospital with neck and chest injuries, while three others were treated at the scene.
Moose frequently criticizes reporters and news organizations in the book, especially those that reported on leaks from investigators.
Daniel C. Clark and James Hargadon; a former priest, Bruce Ewing; and two teachers are awaiting trial.
In jihad, we are not allowed to kill women, except those who join the war (against Islam).
The breakthrough technology was presented by Intel scientists at a conference in Japan.
Hollywood and the world are gearing up to celebrate legendary entertainer Bob Hope's 100th birthday on Thursday.
We can presume that we've prevented a very large number of infections and some significant amount of clinical disease, he said.
A powerful typhoon hit southern areas of South Korea, killing at least 42 people and forcing thousands to flee, authorities said yesterday.
The airline also said it has the option to buy 380 more airplanes, orders that would be split evenly between the two manufacturers.
Russin did not comment; his lawyer did not attend the hearing and did not return phone messages.
Burns believed that confessing a crime he did not commit was the only way out, Richardson said.
Anthony Citrano, a representative for WhenU, declined to comment on the case.
The Standard & Poor's paper products index .GSPPAPR was one of the leading sectors, up 2 percent.
Last month Intel raised its revenue guidance for the quarter to between $7.6 billion and $7.8 billion.
Scruggs, who did not testify, was cleared of a second charge of failing to provide her son with proper medical and psychological care.
Asked how his nation felt, he replied: Australians are very upset and angry by what took place . . . upset because innocent people lost their lives.
Emergency crews said no passenger was ejected, but some were thrown partly out of the open side of the bus.
Spot gold was quoted at $367.90/368.60 an ounce at 1000 GMT, having marched up to $369.50 -- a level not seen since February 10.
McCloskey died Sunday afternoon in his home after a year-long battle with bladder cancer.
The jury verdict, reached Wednesday after less than four hours of deliberation, followed a 2 1/2 week trial, during which Waagner represented himself.
The star, who plays schoolgirl Nina Tucker in Neighbours, went to a specialist on June 30 feeling tired and unwell.
Pittsburgh, West Virginia, Rutgers, Connecticut and Virginia Tech filed the lawsuit this month in Hartford, Conn.
The soldiers, from the 3rd Armored Cavalry, were hurt when their Humvee vehicle struck a mine in Hit.
Senate Armed Services Committee Chairman Sen. John Warner, R-Va., is also considering a look into the issue.
The legislation came after U.S. District Judge Lee R. West in Oklahoma City ruled last week that the FTC lacked authority to run the registry.
But to see those pages, users would be required by Amazon to register, and Amazon plans to limit the amount of any single book a customer can view.
And of those, 55 percent, or 149, claimed to treat, prevent, diagnose or cure specific diseases -- despite the regulations prohibiting that kind of statement.
There is always a danger of casualties in something like this.
Congregants of Turner Monumental AME Church said Shelia Chaney Wilson, 43, was agitated when she came to the church, in the Kirkwood neighborhood on the city's east side.
The teens are being held on charges of robbery and criminal impersonation of a police officer, sources said.
Staff Sgt. Georg-Andreas Pogany, however, is waiting for that decision in writing.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC crept up 5.05 points, or 0.32 percent, at 1,595.80.
First, the target was not clear . . . we should have authentic evidence of the target that they really hate Islam, he said.
Rumours swirled among market participants that Japan may have intervened overnight when the yen appreciated to 116 per dollar.
Except for a few archaic characteristics, the skulls are readily recognizable.
The Cradle of Liberty Council isn't the first one to buck the national group's stance.
As a responsible leader we felt it necessary to make these changes because online chat services are increasingly being misused, stated Gillian Kent, director at MSN UK.
Instead, the high court said that drug makers did not adequately show why the plan should be prevented from taking effect.
At 11 a.m.
(1500 GMT), the 10-year note US10YT=RR was up 11/32 for a yield of 3.36 percent from 3.40 percent Wednesday.
While rising consumer confidence is welcomed, it is not a component of gross domestic product, whereas new home sales are.
In Washington, the federal government remained closed for a second day.
People with two copies of the mutated gene have double this risk, the researchers said.
Other data showed that buyers snapped up new and existing homes at a brisk pace in April, spurred by low mortgage rates.
But they don’t realize that until it’s too late (of course) because they’re potential victims in a horror movie.
Rambus Inc. (nasdaq: RMBS - news - people) shot up 38 percent, making it the biggest percentage gainer on the Nasdaq.
The girl turned up two days later at a convenience store several cities away, shaken but safe, and helped lead police to her alleged abductor.
The rate of survival without serious brain damage is about 10 percent, said Bossaert, a professor at the University Hospital in Antwerp, Belgium.
As part of the changes, Microsoft will also tie stock awards for its top 600 or so executives to the growth and satisfaction in its customer base.
Medicaid, which receives federal and state funding, is the government health-insurance program for the poor.
The number of lung transplants also increased from 30 to 64 and the average waiting time for a lung fell from 290 days to 87 days.
Doctors concluded Erbitux, the cancer drug that enmeshed ImClone Systems in an insider trading scandal, worked just as well as an earlier company-sponsored study said it did.
In 2002, the West Nile virus infected 4,000 people and took 284 lives in the United States.
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI jumped 2.09 percent, while the Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX leapt 2.23 percent.
Prosecutors maintained that Durst murdered Black to try to assume Black's identity.
The House version pays 80 percent of a senior's first $2,000 in drug costs after a $250 deductible.
Winslet, 28, has a three-year-old daughter Mia by her first husband, British film producer Jim Threapleton.
What this allows us to do is have a crossover that is much more fuel efficient and aimed at young families.
Reuters reported Braun ended June with $22,126 in the bank, according to her FEC report, and the Rev. Al Sharpton reported $12,061 in the bank.
It's a task that would challenge even the sharpest of computer geeks: set up a hacker-proof computer network for 190,000 government workers across the country fighting terrorism.
Mr McDevitt has been granted control of three aspects of policing by Commissioner William Morrell.
The news came as authorities in Taiwan quarantined hundreds at two major hospitals amid fears of a widespread epidemic of Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome on the self-governing island.
Independent US programmer Bill Zeller has developed software that lets users download shared music files using iTunes for Windows.
A photograph of the doctor's son holding the guitar appeared in the National Enquirer two weeks after Harrison's death.
Cisco reported earnings of $987 million, or 14 cents a share, on revenue of $4.62 billion for the quarter ending in April.
The injunction was immediately stayed pending an appeal to the Federal Circuit Court of Appeals in Washington.
Westfield also will continue discussions about the other co-owned centres such as Knox City in Melbourne, half-owned by Deutsche Bank.
Peter Smith, a planetary scientist at the University of Arizona, leads the $325 million Phoenix mission.
U.N. inspectors later said the documents were old and irrelevant -- some administrative material, some from a failed and well-known uranium-enrichment program of the 1980s.
The president began his speech by acknowledging the terrorist attacks in Saudi Arabia that killed at least 29 people, including seven Americans.
Hundreds of people have signed petitions calling for Dr Kelly's resignation for his handling of allegedly sexually abusive priests.
Chante Jawan Mallard, 27, went on trial Monday, charged with first-degree murder.
The player's eyes were bloodshot and a blood-alcohol test produced a reading of 0.18 - well above Tennessee's level of presumed intoxication of 0.10, the report said.
A senior Malaysian member of Jemaah Islamiah testified on June 26 that Bashir had approved the church bomb attacks and had also called a meeting to plan Megawati's assassination.
Arifin has disclosed to the I.S.D. that he is involved with a group of like-minded individuals in planning terrorist attacks against certain targets in Thailand, the statement said.
They said the police officers also entered various private wards at the clinic and attacked patients.
We have found the smoking gun, investigating board member Scott Hubbard said.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index rose 17.26 points, or 1.06 percent, to 1,640.06, based on the latest data.
July 1st is the sixth anniversary of Hong Kong's return to Chinese rule.
The number of lung transplantations also increased from 30 to 64, and the mean waiting time on the transplant list decreased from 290 days to 87 days.
Micron's numbers also marked the first quarterly profit in three years for the DRAM manufacturer.
If what scientists are observing is truly seasonal change, the planet will continue to brighten for another 20 years.
The company's operating loss rose 59 percent to $73 million, from $46 million a year earlier.
An outspoken opponent of terrorism, Professor Said's principal political allies were among the Palestinian intellectuals and civic leaders who have stood aside from the Arafat-dominated PLO and Palestinian Authority.
Six Democrats and two Republicans are running for her seat and have qualified for the Feb.
3 primary ballot.
Elsewhere in the north, the American administrator for Iraq, L. Paul Bremer III, paid a brief, low-profile visit to the cities of Erbil and Suleimaniya.
Russian forces stormed the building to free the hostages but 129 people died in the operation.
Media moguls jostled for position as the deadline for bids for Vivendi Universal's U.S. entertainment empire neared on Monday in an auction of some of Hollywood's best-known assets.
A hundred House members are needed for a quorum.
I figure we've destroyed about one-half of Al Qaeda, the top operators of Al Qaeda, and that's good, Mr. Bush said.
The first of those discussions is expected to get under way in the next three to five months.
The House has passed bills the past two Congresses, but the Senate has not.
Lee, 33, said the girl had dragged the food, toys and other things into her mother's bedroom.
History aside, the diary reveals a colorful, witty, introspective and irreverent president outspoken in his disdain for life in the White House.
Some media reported that Jordanian embassy staff were killed in the attack.
Her father, Roma King Florin Cioaba, had her brought back and she was promptly married against her will.
Licensing revenue slid 21 percent, however, to $107.6 million.
Judiciary officials did not immediately respond to Reuters' requests for comment on the criticism of Mortazavi's appointment.
Excluding the charges, analysts, on average, expected a loss of 11 cents a share.
Iressa is similar to medicines being developed by ImClone Systems Inc. and OSI Pharmaceuticals Inc., designed to precisely target tumor cells while sparing healthy ones.
Marc Garber, Whitley's attorney, had a different view.
Nvidia's stock fell 65 cents, or almost 4 percent, to $16.13 on Nasdaq.
We believe that recent trading prices of MGM's common stock do not reflect MGM's full value and that the stock represents an attractive investment, Kerkorian said in a statement.
He blamed the blast on guerillas from the Taliban regime overthrown in late 2001 and said it was possible the bomber was killed in the blast.
The American women, who are defending champions, will play in Philadelphia on Sept.
25 and conclude group competition in Columbus on Sept.
28.
U.S. law enforcement officials are sneering at Dar Heatherington's version of of the events -- including a police conspiracy to discredit her -- which thrust her into the public spotlight.
The new jury consisted of eight blacks, two whites and two jurors of Guyanese descent.
The attack on the Rashid Hotel on Sunday, during the visit of the deputy secretary of defense, Paul D. Wolfowitz, underscores the nature of the problem.
Ahold's U.S. shares rose 52 cents, or 9 percent, to $6.30.
San Joaquin County sheriff's deputies found 37-year-old Adan Avalos of Riverbank shot to death inside the SUV.
Chaudhry was released 56 days later and the Fiji military installed an all-indigenous government led by Qarase, who won democratic elections in September 2001.
Her 20-year-old sister, Allyson, was severely burned and remained hospitalized in critical condition.
Westfield also will continue discussions over the other co-owned centres, such as Knox City in Melbourne, where Deutsche Bank owns a 50 per cent stake.
The House Government Reform Committee passed the bill today.
This is just the latest movement in a continuing trend towards open source support of business applications.
Connolly said FBI agents in San Diego and abroad spent thousands of hours investigating al-Bayoumi.
Another recent study found that 12 million adults have been diagnosed with diabetes and another 5 million adults have the condition but don't know it.
The 2001 recession is considered short and shallow relative to the nine others since World War II, which averaged 11 months.
The update packages help automate the management of server hardware, applications and operating systems patches using one tool, which is unpleasantly vague.
Pataki said if power was restored, state workers would be back on the job Friday morning.
It said the patents were allegedly assigned to Syndia in 2001 through the Lemelson Medical, Educational and Research Foundation Limited Partnership.
The driver of the truck escaped and is now being sought by the police, Supoyo said.
Based on experience elsewhere, it could take up to two years before regular elections are held, he added.
I felt that if I disagreed with Rosie too much I would lose my job, she said.
The statewide unemployment rate fell to 6.4 percent, down from a revised 6.7 percent in August.
Consolidated operating income for the fourth quarter was $570 million, up 26% from the $452 million reported a year ago.
Normally, congressional districts are redrawn by state legislatures every 10 years to reflect population changes recorded in the U.S. census.
The German envoy, Gunter Pleuger, told reporters today, The important issues are how the political process is being organized.
But success requires more than American assistance, Bush said in the first speech to a joint session of Philippine Congress by a U.S. president since Dwight Eisenhower in 1960.
We're making these commitments first and foremost because we think it's the right thing to do, said Michael Mudd, spokesman for the company.
The steps that the Iranians claim to have taken in terms of capturing al-Qaida are insufficient, said Ari Fleischer, the White House press secretary.
London Mayor Ken Livingstone announced over the weekend that police and security services had foiled four terrorist attacks on the capital.
Anhalt said children typically treat a 20-ounce soda bottle as one serving, while it actually contains 2.5.
The long-running newsmagazine Dateline NBC has been cut from three to two airings per week, losing its Tuesday berth.
The dollar was last at $1.1149 to the euro, close to its strongest level since April 30.
Prospects for the whole Canadian aerospace industry are improving with recent developments contributing to the enhancement of aircraft financing in this country, said Paul Tellier, Bombardier chief executive.
Justices Stephen Breyer, Sandra Day O'Connor and Anthony Kennedy disagreed.
His wife, Janet, said she heard the thud from the kitchen, where she was getting a glass of water.
Sirius carries National Public Radio, although it doesn't include popular shows such as All Things Considered and Morning Edition.
Weber said late Thursday that the company is still trying to understand the scope and details of the investigation.
There is no conscious policy of the United States, I can assure you of this, to move the dollar at all, he said.
What she told our investigators was that all the babies were born full-term and then died within hours, Hughes said.
American and Russian space officials stressed there is no immediate danger to the crew or the operation of the orbiting outpost.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index was off 11.64 points, or 0.60 percent, at 1,912.65.
Another 28 per cent cited stronger demand, while eight per cent intended to boost profits through price increases.
The economy, nonetheless, has yet to exhibit sustainable growth.
The foreign bits are recognized by other cells that realize it is infected and kill it.
Indeed, Wolfowitz admitted Saturday that neither military action nor large scale bribery would solve the issue.
The technology-loaded Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC added 0.35 of a point, or 0.02 percent, to 1,662.
Nobody really knows what happened there except for me and the guard, and I can assure you that what he said happened didn't happen, Kaye said.
The men were immediately flown to nearby Botswana on a chartered Air Malawi flight, Malawi intelligence officials said on condition of anonymity.
A Stage 1 episode is declared when ozone levels reach 0.20 parts per million.
There was no way the man could hear him, but he turned and mouthed something.
She had been barred on the grounds that her headscarf would violate the state's neutrality in religion.
Shares of Corixa fell 12 cents to $6.88 on the Nasdaq stock market.
Sean Harrigan, president of the California Public Employees' Retirement System, also suggested paring the NYSE's 27-member board and allotting more seats to investors outside the securities industry.
Only two other countries, Germany and the Dominican Republic, have publicly expressed reservations, and Germany has since said it will sign it.
The ministers also intend to initiate plans for a national centre for disease control.
Meanwhile, for people aged 60 to 69, disability declined by more than 10 percent.
In the space of three years, Lend Lease has slipped from a top-five 5 stock when its share price hovered around $24 to 37th on the list.
I think the financial diplomacy here of the sort that we are engaged in is the surest course to get the result we want.
It indicates we are starting the epidemic with more cases than last year, Gerberding said.
The findings will be reported Friday in the journal Physical Review Letters.
Caldera acquired the Unix server software of the original SCO and changed its name to the SCO Group.
Prairie dogs are believed to have become infected in a pet shop through a Gambian rat imported from Africa.
A former employee of a local power company pleaded guilty Wednesday to setting off a bomb that knocked out a power substation during the Winter Olympics last year.
The company has expanded into providing other services for buyers, including payment services.
The formula for its baby food is prepared by the German-owned Humana Milchunion.
Marisa Baldeo stated, however, the authority's official uniform policy says they are not supposed to wear anything on their heads but a NYC transit depot logo cap.
An attempt to keep the fund open for another year fell flat in the Senate last month.
On April 11, Mayor Bart Peterson said it was inconceivable that the airline would resume operations at the base that had employed 1,500 workers, including 1,100 mechanics.
Some of us find the collateral damage greater than it needs to be in the conduct of this war, said Rep. Howard Berman, D-Calif.
Stewart also faces a separate investigation by the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Three other fires in or near the park were contained on Wednesday.
A more favorable job market was a major factor in the turnaround, said Lynn Franco, Director of the Conference Board Consumer Research Center.
The two-year note US2YT=RR fell 5/32 in price, taking its yield to 1.23 percent from 1.16 percent late on Monday.
Sarah Weddington, the abortion advocate and lawyer who originally represented McCorvey, did not immediately return a call seeking comment.
But if the trademark is withdrawn, subscribers won't have access to Blue Cross Blue Shield nationwide and international service providers.
He playfully chided the Senate's little bitty tax relief plan.
Now, the other guy, he's ashamed of his party, Street said to crowd laughter.
Thomas and Tauzin say, as do many doctors, that the Bush administration has the power to correct some of those flaws.
And Forrester forecasts that on-demand movie distribution will generate $1.4bn by 2005, while revenue from DVDs and tapes will decline by eight per cent.
Within WSE 2.0, WS-Trust, WS-SecureConversation build on WS-Security and define extensions to request and issue security tokens and to manage relationships and secure conversations.
A request for a two-month extension was denied and the Taiwan Stock Exchange is to ask the Securities and Futures Commission (SFC) to suspend trading in Mosel shares.
According to the Merchant Marine Ministry, the 37-year-old ship is registered to Alpha Shipping Inc. based in the Pacific Ocean nation of Marshall Islands.
US officials say the six, like other prisoners at Guantanamo, were suspected of involvement with al-Qaeda, Afghanistan's Taliban or some other group.
SCO said it terminated Sequent's contract due to improper transfer of the company's source code and development methods into Linux.
In the United States, 20.7 percent of all women smoke.
But those tiny gains weren't nearly enough to offset the loss of nearly 62,000 jobs in the Santa Clara County-San Francisco areas.
The Nikkei average ended the morning up half a percent at 8,071.00.
Dr. Sutherland, 65, was a co-founder of Evans & Sutherland, an early maker of high-performance computers.
After talks, Russian and Saudi energy ministers signed a five-year agreement on cooperation in the oil and gas industry.
Stocks had surged on Tuesday as economic reports pointed to a thriving housing market and an uptick in consumer confidence.
Powell fired back: He's accusing the president of a ludicrous act, he said.
He said the court's ruling was a great first step toward better coverage for poor Maine residents, but that there was more to be done.
The capsule landed on its side and drifted about 12 metres, probably dragged by the main parachute.
It upheld fallback rules that bar the same groups from airing ads that promote, support, attack or oppose a candidate at any time.
The downtime, to take place in May and June, is expected to cut production by 60 million to 70 million board feet.
Police said the shooter ran away from an officer who chased him, and still was being sought Thursday night.
A few thousand troops, most from the division's 3rd Brigade Combat Team based at Fort Benning in Columbus, began returning last week, with flights continuing through Friday.
Also in Mosul, rebel gunmen on Friday assassinated a Sunni Muslim tribal leader who backed the coalition.
The House and Senate are expected to vote on the omnibus bill in the next two months.
EDS said that it was responding to a subpoena and providing documents and information to the SEC.
Glover spoke at a news conference that included about 20 relatives of the victims.
Low-income earners would pay a 5 percent tax on both types of investment income.
Senate President Pro Tempore Robert D. Garton, R-Columbus, said he spoke with Kernan not long before the oath of office ceremony.
It cut taxes while balancing the budget for three years and reduced Europe's second highest per capita national debt.
Ontario Premier Ernie Eves appointed a judge on Tuesday to hold an independent investigation into how the province has handled SARS.
HPs shipments increased 48 per cent year-on-year, compared to an increase of 31 per cent for Dell.
GE stock were up 37 cents to $28.56 in morning New York Stock Exchange trade.
It was one of the first times in my life that I felt we were truly being treated as Americans,'' she said.
The official, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said that two Iraqis and two Saudis detained after the attack gave information leading to the arrest of the others.
If these loss reductions continue as expected, further rate reductions should be ordered.
Prairie dogs, usually found in southwestern and western states, aren’t indigenous to Wisconsin.
After learning she would no longer get an experimental drug that treated her severe peanut allergy, Allison Smith reacted with panic.
Evacuation went smoothly, although passengers weren't told what was going on, Hunt said.
Mahmud controlled access to Saddam and was frequently at his side.
Tony-award winning dancer and actor Gregory Hines died of cancer Saturday in Los Angeles.
Palm Beach County is considering adding up to $200 million more in incentives.
A really robust program could be had for about 20 cents a day, Griffin said.
However, we have decided to opt for the European consortium's engine as the best overall solution and due to the substantial price efforts made.
It was a total mockery of justice, a parody, said Thierry Falise, a Belgian photographer, as he arrived here.
The message to the public is: If you are thinking of getting a flu shot, don't wait any longer, he said. 
The ministry said the hijackers Francisco Lamas Caron, 29; Luis Alberto Suarez Acosta, 22; and Yosvani Martinez Acosta, 27, shot themselves for unknown reasons.
The flamboyant entrepreneur flagged the plan after a meeting in London with Australian Tourism Minister Joe Hockey.
In Kentucky, Democratic Attorney General Ben Chandler faces U.S. Rep. Ernie Fletcher.
Sunnis make up 77 percent of Pakistan's population, Shiites 20 percent.
BALI bomber Amrozi claims he was inspired to launch an attack on the tourist island after his Australian boss revealed Bali was a haven for sinful behaviour of Westerners.
Det Chief Insp Norman McKinlay said there was evidence a body or bodies have been in this area.
The other inmate fell but Selenski shimmed down the makeshift rope to a second-story roof and used the mattress to scale a razor-wire fence, Fischi said.
He planned to stay all day until the river crested, which was forecast for late last night.
Both Estrada and Honasan have denied any involvement in the failed military rebellion.
Sir Wilfred Thesiger, traveller, writer, and one of the last solitary explorers of a shrinking planet, has died aged 93.
Prosecutors said the investment was a breach of duty and resulted in the pension fund immediately losing $1 million.
Studabaker told the court he would not contest extradition and German prosecutors have ruled out any charges here, meaning extradition could happen very soon, Ullrich said.
Tony winners will be announced June 8 in televised ceremonies from Radio City Music Hall.
He said, from a science standpoint, the city's last case was April 19, so the all clear day was actually yesterday.
Georgia cannot afford to not get funding, said Dr. Melinda Rowe, Chatham County's health director.
But he urged the delegates who elected him to be kind and sensitive and gentle to believers who will not understand what you've done here today.
As part of the agreement to extradite the two best friends from Canada, prosecutors agreed not to seek the death penalty for convictions.
Congress has added a new benefit - an option to buy insurance coverage for prescription drugs.
In the second quarter, consumer advertisers continued to spend the most online, slightly increasing their share.
A Florida grand jury investigating pharmaceutical wholesalers indicted 19 people on charges of peddling bogus or diluted medications often prescribed for cancer and AIDS patients, authorities said yesterday.
Everything was decided in advance, said one of the men, Thierry Falise, a Belgian photographer, as he arrived in Bangkok.
It is widely expected to give Bair formal approval to offer the plane for sale to airlines.
That comes as Alba is lifting its aluminium output by 307,000 tonnes a year and accelerating plans for another 307,000 tonnes-a-year increase.
Reach her at (248) 647-7221 or email lberman@detnews.com.
Officials said it will take lengthy testing to determine if all anthrax spores have been killed.
Grieson said both of her knees were swollen for days and that she still has scars on her legs from the incident.
This means Berlusconi will be safe from prosecution until his term ends in 2006, unless his government falls before then.
Later Tuesday, Graham was expected to be re-elected for a second one-year term.
Asked if he felt any regret about theOctober 12 attack, the answer was an adamant no.
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reports there have been 1,602 human cases of West Nile virus nationwide this year and 28 deaths.
They boy's father, Terrance Cottrell Sr., 33, said yesterday he wants everyone involved in his son's death to be held responsible.
If he is successful in reaching a cease-fire, known as a hudna, Abbas will hold more talks with Sharon, their third one-on-one meeting in a month.
In Millville yesterday, Mayor James Quinn ordered all city flags flown at half-staff for the next 30 days.
The 30-year bond firmed 24/32, taking its yield to 4.18 percent, after hitting another record low of 4.16 percent.
Their appointments increase Berkshire's board to nine from seven members.
They say second-quarter earnings reports will be key in giving investors that guidance.
More than 1,000 people staged mostly peaceful protests during the talks, proclaiming that genetically modified foods weren't the answer to the world's food problems.
Forty to 50 years ago, the ratio was 3 to 1, Kessler said, and 10 years ago, it was 2 to 1.
The board's final report, expected in late August, will stop short of assigning individual blame for the Columbia accident that killed seven astronauts, Gehman said.
Putin hailed Saudi Arabia as ``one of the most important Muslim nations.
Last Thursday, the RIAA sent a stiff copyright warning to Penn State's department of astronomy and astrophysics.
She said he persisted and she eventually allowed him to fix her bike while she sat in the front seat of his car.
We hope it's symbolic, said Michael Hill, a Sun reporter and member of the guild's bargaining committee.
Investigators continue to probe virtually every aspect of Campbell's personal and financial affairs, the former mayor has said.
Singapore is already the United States' 12th-largest trading partner, with two-way trade totaling more than $34 billion.
Imam Samudra, leader of the team that carried out the bombing, was sentenced to death last month.
The second company, temporarily dubbed ``InternationalCo.'', includes 19 international power and pipeline holdings.
It had a margin of error of plus or minus five percentage points.
His trial was moved to Virginia Beach.
It can store more than a gigabyte of information equivalent to around 12 hours of music in one cubic centimetre.
Dubbed Project Mad Hatter, the Linux-based desktop is being promoted by Sun as a more secure and less expensive alternative to Windows.
Canada won't commit more troops to Afghanistan until the current year-long mission is complete, Prime Minister Jean Chretien said yesterday.
They include Ask Jeeves Inc., Global Crossing, Aether Systems, Clarent, Copper Mountain Networks and VA Linux, now VA Software.
The (drug) benefit is equal for everyone, both in traditional Medicare and in the enhanced Medicare we're setting up, Grassley said.
Easynews Inc. said Monday that it was cooperating with the FBI in trying to locate the person who uploaded the virus to a Usenet news group hosted by the ISP.
Mr. Mills declined to comment yesterday, saying that he never discussed personnel matters.
But she was expected to be a victim in a forthcoming ministerial reshuffle.
Some 11.8 million shares have changed hands, well above its daily average over 10 days of 6.8 million.
But Senate criticism of the House plan Tuesday came on several fronts.
Lara was unbeaten on 93 when the torrential rain stopped play with Marlon Samuels on five.
In one Johannesburg store, 900 copies have been ordered.
Shares of Schering-Plough were off 2 cents at $16.78 near midday on the New York Stock Exchange.
The nation's capital was quiet today, with the federal government shut down for the second day.
When varsity coach Kevin McElroy walked into the courthouse with his attorney, the crowd turned their backs on him.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index gained 16.02 points, or 1.62 percent, at 1,004.63.
Michael is innocent, Jackson's mother, Katherine, said in a written statement.
The fresh air is going down fast! she screamed at Murray.
There is a tradition of Labor Day racing in the Inland Valley.
Illinois State Police accident reconstruction experts were investigating the cause.
That's one reason why I'm running to be president, he told a rally in New Hampshire.
Their worst-case scenario is the accidental deletion or malicious falsification of ballots from the 1.42 million Californians who could vote on electronic touch-screen machines.
Dennehy, who transferred to Baylor last year after getting kicked off the team at New Mexico for temper tantrums, became a born-again Christian in June 2002.
Wells' other series include NBC's ER and Third Watch.
However, he said, The reasons behind the increase in incidence are more complex and were just beginning to understand the risk factors.
We're making these commitments first and foremost because we think it's the right thing to do, company spokesman Michael Mudd said yesterday.
Material from the Associated Press supplemented this report.
Yee is a Chinese-American who converted to Islam after graduating from the U.S. Military Academy at West Point.
Meteorologists predicted the storm would become a Category 1 hurricane before landfall.
The woman felt threatened and went to the magistrate's office, police said.
That took the benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR down 9/32, its yield rising to 3.37 percent from 3.34 percent late on Thursday.
We have an incredible amount of work to do, but it's not in [designing new] instruction set architectures.
The study was presented yesterday in Chicago at the annual meeting of the Radiological Society of North America.
That fire, the largest wildfire in state history, charred 469,000 acres and destroyed 491 homes in surrounding communities.
Yunos allegedly prepared the bombs' wiring while Al-Ghozi reportedly admitted preparing the switch on the alarm-clock triggers and packing the explosives, the prosecutors said.
Operating revenue fell 4.5 percent to $2.3 billion from a year earlier.
In a statement, Lee said he no longer believes that Viacom deliberately intended to trade on my name when naming Spike TV.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index edged down 9 points, or 0.98 percent, to 921.
The Mariners piled on against Randy Choate and Juan Acevedo in the bottom of the inning.
Roxio, which is based in Santa Clara, Calif., would get access to the music libraries of the major labels and the Pressplay distribution system.
Branson said that his preference would be to operate a fully commercial service on routes to New York, Barbados and Dubai.
The national denomination of the Episcopal Church, with 2.3 million members, is the U.S. branch of the 77 million-member Anglican Communion.
The stock has risen 44 cents in recent days.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index declined 16.68 points, or 1.01 percent, at 1,636.94.
IBM is also pursuing membership in the group and plans to be an active participant, according to the CELF statement.
The group ambitiously expects to issue guidelines by the end of the year and release products by late 2004.
The Institute said dioxin levels in the environment have fallen by as much as 76 percent since the 1970s.
A $500 million natural-gas-fired power plant, for example, could replace up to $100 million in boilers yearly without adding new smog controls.
Defense attorneys said Durst accidentally shot Black in the face as they struggled for a gun after the elderly man illegally entered his apartment.
Linda Saunders pleaded guilty in federal court to six charges, including extortion, money laundering and conspiracy.
Peter Lyman and Hal Varian of Berkeley's School of Information Management and Systems say that information production has increased by 30 percent each year between 1999 and 2002.
Powerful Mistral winds were fanning the flames, which have destroyed more than 8000 hectares of pinewood since the blazes began on Monday afternoon.
The banks neither admit nor deny the SEC charges under the settlements.
Three such vigilante-style attacks forced the hacker organizer, who identified himself only as Eleonora[67], to extend the contest until 3 p.m.
Arizona time Sunday.
It features clasped hands and a peace pipe overlapping a hatchet.
The plant plans to shut down its first shift and parts of the second shift Monday to accommodate the president's appearance, Crosby said.
By its actions, the Bush administration threatens to give a bad name to a just war, the Connecticut Democrat told a Capitol Hill news conference.
Consumer groups are against the changes, saying they hurt individuality in markets.
Treasury prices gained for the third day in a row, pushing the 10-year note yield down to 4.35 percent from 4.36 percent late Monday.
In Somalia, only 26% of adolescent females (aged 10-19) have heard of Aids and just 1% know how to protect themselves.
U.S. administration officials said Snow's rate comments were not reflective of Washington's policy and were merely an observation about the economy.
The Nasdaq Composite increased by 40.09 points, or 2.5 per cent, to 1666.58.
Copps, one of two Democrats on the five-member commission, has pushed for harsher penalties against radio and television stations that violate indecency laws.
MEN who drink tea, particularly green tea, can greatly reduce their risk of prostate cancer, a landmark WA study has found.
Starting on Aug.
16, every computer infected with MBlast will start flooding Microsoft's Windows Update service with legitimate-looking connection requests.
The Institute for Supply Management said its manufacturing index stood at 53.7 in September.
The new version, W32/Sobig.C-mm, had already reached a high level outbreak status by Monday, according to security analysts.
They researchers say the research could be relevant to other forms of cancer.
O'Brien's attorney, Jordan Green, declined to comment.
Muslim guerrillas attacked a town and took hostages yesterday as they withdrew from fighting that killed at least 22 people, military officials said.
While opposition parties have welcomed the cabinet's decision on anti-retroviral treatment, some said Health Minister Manto Tshabalala-Msimang was not fit to preside over a rollout plan.
There is no indication, so far, that Gehring used his card at any motel or overnight lodging, he said.
President Bush and top officials in his administration cited the threat from Iraq's alleged chemical and biological weapons and nuclear weapons program as the main justification for going to war.
Another was in serious condition at Northwest Medical Center in Springdale.
The Senate judiciary committee on Tuesday overcame a significant hurdle in the battle to create a trust fund to pay victims of asbestos exposure but the most difficult obstacles remain.
It's probably not the easiest time to come in and take over the shuttle program, but I look forward to the challenge, Parsons told reporters at NASA headquarters.
The Institute for Supply Management said its index of non-manufacturing activity rose to 50.7 from 47.9 in March.
According to an arrest warrant released Tuesday, Dotson admitted to FBI agents that he shot Dennehy in the head because Patrick had tried to shoot him.
Smith said simply Oh, my God, in the seconds afterward, according to Weinshall.
That is evident from their failure, three times in a row, to get a big enough turnout to elect a president.
Shares ended Wednesday at $6.83, up 2 cents.
Though a federal judge in New Jersey agreed, a panel of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 3rd Circuit disagreed.
Marshall pressed the practical case that a quite similar civil-rights bill based on the 14th Amendment was struck down by the Supreme Court in 1883.
Her lawyer, M. H. Reese Norris, called the decision an injustice and promised to appeal.
The United States welcomes a greater NATO role in Iraq's stabilization, Mr. Powell told his colleagues in a speech today.
Some Wall Street analysts believe stocks have rallied too far, too fast, given the muddled picture of the economy provided by recent data.
The Maine program could be a model for other states.
Mr. Turner transferred about 10 million shares to a charitable trust before they were sold.
These allegations are completely out of character of the Kobe Bryant we know, Lakers general manager Mitch Kupchak said.
Reed arrived a day after H. Carl McCall, co-chairman of the exchange's special committee on governance, resigned saying Reed should have a clean slate to make changes.
Dr. Roth also said that hospital efforts to start fever clinics in parking-lot tents to keep infectious patients out of emergency rooms were moving along impressively.
Dell's OpenManage software includes Dell Update Packages with SMS to help automate the management of server hardware, applications and operating systems patches with a single tool.
They appear in the Oct.
23 issue of The New England Journal of Medicine.
Smackdown, first organized by WWE, registered more than 400,000 voters for the 2000 presidential election.
A female colleague, 25, was slashed across the face as the man continued to try to reach the front of the plane.
Axcan's shares closed down 63 Canadian cents, or 4 percent, at C$16.93 in Toronto on Tuesday.
The European Union is basically absent, said Tito Barbini, regional minister for agriculture in Tuscany, Italy.
Morrill's wife, Ellie, sobbed and hugged Bondeson's sister-in-law during the service.
At least 61 people were killed and dozens injured across Afghanistan yesterday in the worst outbreak of violence for more than a year.
Helicopters hovered throughout the day over the Al-Khalidiya neighborhood where the raid took place.
We make no apologies for finding every legal way possible to protect the American public from further terrorist attacks, she said.
I think it's obvious I'm not riding as well as I have in years past.
The kingdom of Saudi Arabia has been wrongfully and morbidly accused of complicity in the tragic terrorist attacks of Sept.
11, 2001, he said.
The new law requires libraries and schools to use filters or lose federal financing.
White House officials say Iran has one last chance to comply with IAEA inspection demands.
After posting $3 million bail, Jackson flew to Las Vegas, where he had been working on a video.
He killed himself after being exposed as the source for a BBC report which claimed the government exaggerated the case for war against Iraq.
Byrd, speaking from the Senate floor, said he questioned the motives of a deskbound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for purposes of a speech.
These documents are indecipherable to me, the lawyers said, and the fact is that this investigation has led nowhere.
Pennsylvania, which has the most aggressive treatment program, is treating 548 of 8,030 inmates.
The more broadly based Nasdaq Telecommunications Index rose 0.7 percent.
Tidmarsh will compete in today's third round.
Total sales for the period declined 8.0 percent to $1.99 billion from a year earlier.
He has said he plans to urge Chinese officials during the G20 meeting to move more quickly to adopt a more flexible currency system.
This case represents an important opportunity to put a halt to a national effort aimed at removing any religious phrase or reference from our culture, Sekulow said.
Compounding the pain for bonds, housing starts jumped a strong 6.1 percent in May while industrial output edged up 0.1 percent, just beating forecasts of a flat outcome.
The Supreme Court long ago held that students could not be compelled to join in the pledge.
Asked if the delegates could leave on Friday, police intelligence chief Surya Dharma told reporters: Of course they may not go.
They were found in a stolen van, said James Flateau, a spokesman for the state Department of Correctional Services.
SSE shares were little changed, up 0.3 percent at 654 pence by 1018 GMT, but analysts welcomed the move.
A radio station has suspended two disc jockeys for locking themselves in the studio and continuously playing Dixie Chicks songs, violating the station's two-month-old ban on the group's music.
Since surfacing late Monday, Sobig.F has been crippling corporate e-mail networks and filling home users' inboxes with a glut of messages.
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR grew 1-3/32 for a yield of 4.30 percent, down from 4.35 percent late Wednesday.
Baz Luhrmann's opulent version of the Puccini opera will fold June 29 after a disappointing seven-month run and losses of about $6 million.
Mr Gilbertson would have been entitled to these (pension) payments irrespective of the circumstances in which he left the company, Mr Argus said.
But stocks have rallied sharply over the past 3-1/2 months amid hopes for an economic rebound later this year.
She met Lady Mary for the first time at her Double Bay home in Sydney yesterday to thank her in person for the donation.
Thyroid hormones are known to help in weight loss by stimulating metabolism - and cutting cholesterol - but come with the unwanted side effect of speeding up the heartbeat.
The latest shooting linked to the spree was a Nov.
11 shooting at Hamilton Township Elementary School in Obetz, about two miles from the freeway.
Microsoft officials presented several options it is considering, the W3C posting said.
Those conversations had not taken place as of Tuesday night, according to an Oracle spokeswoman.
Yang would dine on shredded pork with garlic and kung pao chicken washed down with Chinese tea, state media said.
Tony Blair has taken a hardline stance arguing nothing should be done to lessen the pressure on Mugabe at the gathering in the capital Abuja.
The defense cannot appeal Roush's ruling until after the trial.
AMD's chip sales jumped 7 percent year-on-year to $402 million.
In fact, I was physically sick several times at this stage, because he looked so desperate, she said.
At the end of the second quarter, Intel initially predicted sales of between $6.9 billion and $7.5 billion.
Such a letter indicates the government intends to pursue an indictment and believes it has substantial evidence to support an indictment, the company said.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was up a mere 0.04 of a point at 1,653.
Top U.S. executives are feeling increasingly sunny about business conditions and corporate profits, according to a survey released Monday.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC> rose 8.25 points, or 0.45 percent, to 1,861.15.
Unless their parents submit written objections, students, regardless of citizenship status, would be required to participate in the pledges and the minute of silence.
Spansion Flash memory solutions are available worldwide from AMD and Fujitsu.
The study adds to the evidence that diet might affect a person's chances of developing the mind-robbing disease that affects 4 million Americans.
There's nothing we can do to stop the water flow, Stegman said.
Singapore Prime Minister Goh Chok Tong says China plays an important role in the integration of Asia, including managing the stresses and strains both within and between countries.
You can use interactive features on the IRS Web site (www.irs.gov) to track refunds or advance child-credit payments.
Sir Paul already has three children fashion designer Stella, 31, Mary, 33, and James, 25 by his wife Linda, who died from breast cancer in 1998.
U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan on Saturday called for the urgent dispatch of a multinational force to Liberia to halt fighting between government and rebel forces that has killed hundreds.
That means the case against Gary Lee Sampson, including the capital charges, will now to trial in September.
Toll, Australia's second-largest transport company, last week offered NZ75 a share for Tranz Rail.
Still, he noted that Miami must decide whether to seek A.C.C. membership by June 30 to adhere to Big East guidelines.
Qualcomm has enjoyed many years of selling CDMA chips against little or no competition, said TI General Counsel Joseph Hubach.
But that does not clear them of the responsibility to do everything possible to minimize civilian harm.
Random testing of security procedures should also take place.
Southwest said it completed inspections of its entire fleet of 385 aircraft and found no additional items.
I really liked him and I still do, Cohen Alon told the Herald yesterday.
The answer is clearly yes, said Dr. Larry Norton, deputy physician-in-chief for breast-cancer programs at Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center in New York City.
The governor is going to Jackson, where 13 of the state's 16 fatalities were reported.
The S3C2440 CPU supports major operating systems including Microsoft Windows CE/Pocket PC, Palm OS, Symbian, and Linux.
After striking the pedestrian, the pickup traveled south on Hemphill Street, then turned west on Drew Street going about 60 mph, Jones said.
Shares of Guidant were down 5.3 percent at $40.92 in afternoon trading on the New York Stock Exchange.
The company had announced in January that it would have to restate earnings for 2002, 2001 and perhaps 2000.
Christensen most recently served as VP of Microsoft's mobile devices division.
In 2001, the number of people on death row dropped for the first time in a decade.
The television report that cost Forlong his career at Sky News and his wife a husband was aired on March 29.
In fiction: Edward P. Jones (The Known World) and Scott Spencer (A Ship Made of Paper).
Powerful Mistral winds were fanning the flames, which have destroyed more than 8,000 hectares (20,000 acres) of pinewood since the blazes started Monday afternoon.
The deal is subject to N2H2 approval and is expected to be completed by year's end.
Against the Japanese currency, the euro was at 135.92/6.04 yen against the late New York level of 136.03/14.
It was expected to raise the $90 million McGreevey expected.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX advanced 2 points, or 0.24 percent, to 977.
Tisha Kresler, a spokeswoman for Global Crossing, declined to comment.
The number of days when Texas beaches had swimming advisories dropped from 317 in 2001 to 182 last year.
The study indicated that men who ejaculated more than five times a week were a third less likely to develop prostate cancer.
The charges were dismissed in Franklin County Municipal Court.
CS Financial Services made a 666 million franc net profit, six percent less than in the fourth quarter of last year.
Some 95 million Americans -- half of all households -- invest in mutual funds.
She said the president's eyes filled with tears when she told him he would have to confess to their teenage daughter as well.
And the First Amendment doesn't say that the free exercise of religion is allowed — except in government buildings.
The 3 rd Armored Cavalry Regiment is 5,200 strong and the largest combat unit at Fort Carson.
Brian Lara, the West Indies captain, was unbeaten on 93 at the rain interval while Marlon Samuels was five not out.
At least 150 people are scheduled to testify at the hearings in Gaithersburg, Md., on Tuesday and Wednesday, with experts and activists lining up on each side.
You know I have always tried to be honest with you and open about my life, Limbaugh said Friday on his program.
At that time, Rambus accused Infineon of patent infringement and Infineon countersued Rambus for breach of contract and fraud.
Twenty-nine-year-old Iranian sisters Ladan and Laleh Bijani are willing to accept the slim chance of success just for an opportunity to lead separate lives.
We hope to have the first of these discussions within the next three to five months.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index declined 25.78 points, or 1.56 percent, to 1,627.84.
Excluding litigation charges, RIM's loss narrowed even further to 1 cent a share.
Prime Minister Tony Blair, speaking at his monthly news conference, played up the danger and stressed the very grave threat that Britons were under and urged vigilance.
Phoberomys' skeleton was unearthed 250 miles west of Caracas, Venezuela.
The Web site is registered to Parson under his home address, allowing investigators to trace him easily.
Last Saturday, a six-wheeled robot developed by NASA landed on Mars and began sending back images of the planet.
Janice Kelly said her husband had received assurances from senior MoD officials that his name would not be made public.
Prosecutors reversed course Friday and said they support moving the murder trial of sniper suspect John Allen Muhammad out of the Washington suburbs.
It is almost certain to exacerbate the bitter divisions between Washington and Europe that have not abated since the end of the war in Iraq.
We are very pleased with the judge's decision, Merrill said yesterday.
Kaichen's former landlord, Carol Halperin of Chappaqua, said Kaichen told her she volunteered at Ground Zero after the attack.
With Johnson's injury, the fight card at the Staples Center in Los Angeles is in question.
Shares in Berkeley-based Xoma lost 77 cents, or 14 percent, to close at $4.72 each in trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
Rice (57-12) and Stanford (51-17) will meet in a winner-take-all matchup at 6:05 p.m.
Monday.
Investors reacted little, with GE shares edging 7 cents lower to end at $28.12 on the New York Stock Exchange.
Analysts had been expecting a net loss of 54 cents a share, according to Thomson First Call.
AOL Communicator can consolidate e-mail from multiple AOL screen names, as well as from other POP and IMAP-based e-mail accounts.
In September 2002, floods in the Gard region killed 23 people.
Knight agreed to a two-year, $2.38 million contract that included a $300,000 signing bonus.
That season, the Rams finished the regular season ranked 11th and were a No. 2 seed in the NCAA tournament.
The results ranged from 1 per cent or 2 per cent to 36 per cent for a speciality brand called American Spirit.
Since late last year, for example, more than 1,800 members of the American military have been placed in Djibouti to conduct counterterrorism operations in the Horn of Africa.
She, in turn, occasionally told John that she was still sleeping with an ex-boyfriend, Baywatch hunk Michael Bergin.
Jordan Green, the prelate's private lawyer, said he had no comment.
The leader of the country’s biggest rail union threatened industrial action today following the second derailment on the London Underground in less than 48 hours.
At the hearing yesterday, High Court Judge Frank Kapanda ordered the men immediately released on bail, evidently unaware they had already left the country.
IBM said the Rational products were also integrated with Rational PurifyPlus, which allows developers to work in Java, Visual C# and VisualBasic .Net.
The Washington Times first reported yesterday that Army Capt. James.
Shelia Chaney Wilson seemed agitated when she came to help prepare for Turner Monumental A.M.E. Church's upcoming 104th anniversary celebration, worshippers said.
John Vial, district manager for the Oregon Department of Transportation, estimated that 250 to 500 vehicles were stranded overnight after the Siskiyou Pass was closed Sunday night.
We do not use service members as guinea pigs, William Winkenwerder, assistant secretary of defense for health affairs, told a Pentagon briefing.
Scruggs refused to comment as she left the courthouse but her lawyer, Reese Norris, called the verdict an injustice.
If draining the ponds in Maryland will help further establish [his] innocence, we welcome it.
Peterson, 31, is now charged with murder in the deaths of his 27-year-old wife and their unborn son.
Peterson, 30, was arrested in La Jolla April 18 after the two bodies were identified through DNA tests.
In afternoon trading in Europe, France's CAC-40 advanced and Britain's FTSE 100 each gained 0.7 percent, while Germany's DAX index rose 0.6 percent.
The loss ends a run of four straight Sister Slam major finals — all won by Venus' sister, Serena.
With integrated amplifiers for driving microphone and speakers, BlueCore3-Multimedia is available in LFBGA package.
But, in a 58-page report, WHO said the Danish ban had been effective in reducing the spread among food animals.
ATA also has hired Citigroup and Morgan Stanley to evaluate options for refinancing or restructuring $175 million of 10.5 percent senior notes due in August 2004.
Indonesia's army has been accused of human rights abuses during its earlier battles with GAM, charges it has generally denied.
While waiting for a bomb squad to arrive, the bomb exploded, killing Wells.
This was almost certainly its last full quarter before the company becomes a part of Palm.
You can reach her at (248) 647-7221 or send e-mail to lberman@detnews.com.
Geraldine Andrews, Reynolds' daughter-in-law and a friend of Wilson's family, said Robinson had recently taken Wilson out of a mental health facility.
He is charged in three bombings in Atlanta - including a blast at the 1996 Olympics - along with the bombing in Alabama.
Its legal representatives began meeting with plaintiffs' attorneys last week to discuss a settlement.
The Video Software Dealers Association said 28.2 million DVDs were rented out last week, compared to 27.3 million VHS cassettes.
The Harrisons’ lawyer Paul LiCalsi said: “I’ve never heard of more reprehensible behaviour by a doctor.
The Philadelphia Stock Exchange's semiconductor index .SOXX jumped 6.10 percent.
An average residential customer paying $840 a year for electricity could see a savings of $30 annually.
The estimate of analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call was for a loss of $2.75 a share.
Nearly 6,000 MTA drivers and train operators then walked off the job in solidarity.
Lakhani was charged with attempting to provide material support and resources to a terrorist group and acting as an arms broker without a license.
The benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR slipped 16/32 in price, sending its yield to 4.48 percent from 4.42 percent late on Thursday.
Desktop PC shipments also exceeded IDC's expectations in the second quarter, Kay said.
Forty to 50 years ago, the ratio was about 3-to-1, Kessler said, and 10 years ago, it was about 2-to-1.
In July, PC-related products were the strongest sector with microprocessors up 5.6 per cent and DRAMs up 8.2 per cent over June.
The cards are issued by Mexico's consulates to its citizens living abroad and show the date of birth, a current photograph and the address of the card holder.
Only the Intel Corporation has a lower dividend yield.
Security experts are warning that a new mass-mailing worm is spreading widely across the Internet, sometimes posing as e-mail from the Microsoft founder.
Hoffa, 62, vanished on the afternoon of July 30, 1975, from a Bloomfield Township parking lot in Oakland County, about 25 miles north of Detroit.
Goldman decided to increase its quarterly dividend to 25 cents a share from 12 cents, citing recent tax legislation as a primary factor behind the move.
A three-judge panel of the 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals ruled late Friday that the small size, limited use and secular purpose make the image legitimate.
The euro's rise against the yen and speculation of Japanese intervention helped the dollar firm to 117.25 yen , well above a 10-month low of 116 yen hit on Thursday.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC gained 13.73 points, or 0.81 percent, to finish at 1,700.34.
Spansion products are to be available from both AMD and Fujitsu, AMD said.
The difference is just something called the tuner, which is a very small piece of equipment.
About 18 percent of men taking finasteride developed prostate cancer, compared with 24 percent on placebo.
Klarman was arrested by FBI agents Monday morning at his home in New York.
The ingredients of such a polypill would contain aspirin, a cholesterol-lowering statin, three blood pressure-lowering agents in half dose, and folic acid.
Xerox shares closed at $11.45, up 2 cents on the New York Stock Exchange.
The industry's largest association is urging its members not call the more than 50 million home and cellular numbers on the list.
The Turkish troops also could be targets for attack, the ambassador acknowledged.
A final decision on his fate, including the power of the death penalty, lay with President Bush.
Parsons holds engineering degrees from the University of Mississippi and the University of Central Florida.
The case puts the Supreme Court back into the debate over the separation of church and state.
Later in the day, however, a former Intel executive turned the tables in a speech where he blasted wireless as being too complicated and too difficult to install.
The Americas market will decline 2.1 percent to $30.6 billion in 2003, and then grow 15.7 percent to $35.4 billion in 2004.
We feel so strongly about this issue that we are suspending sales and distribution of SCO Linux until these issues are resolved.
But in the first 30 seconds of the bout, family members knew it was an uneven match, Jodie Meyers, Stacy Young's sister, said.
Two other bodies were recovered on Friday from a campground in nearby Devore, where a wall of mud destroyed 32 trailers.
We believe that it is not necessary to have a divisive confirmation fight over a Supreme Court appointment.
BlueCore3 also implements v1.2's eSCO facility to provide the basis for advanced cordless telephony applications for Bluetooth transmission.
I don't think he's been that good from the get-go, said Limbaugh.
WinFS will require that applications be rewritten to exploit such capabilities.
The tech-laced Nasdaq Composite Index gained 2.90 points, or 0.18 percent, to 1,606.87.
According to Central Command's initial reports, the attackers fired from a mosque in the city.
Mr. Pingeon is director of litigation for Massachusetts Correctional Legal Services, a prisoners' rights group.
Full classes of 48 each are booked through the end of next month, he said, and the agency plans to double its classes in January.
PeopleSoft management could choose to activate an anti-takeover defense known as a poison pill, designed to thwart undesired suitors.
The natural gas producer and marketer said the inaccurate reporting was discovered in response to a subpoena from the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission, or CFTC.
Since Sept.
11, 2001, the six largest airlines have lost a combined $18 billion.
Tehran has made clear it will only sign the Additional Protocol introducing such inspections if a ban on the import of civilian Western nuclear technology is lifted.
Britz earned $3.77 million in salary, bonus and other compensation, and Kinney earned $3.76 million.
Monday said it has its first customer for its controversial Intellectual Property Compliance License for SCO UNIX Rights.
These are real crimes that disrupt the lives of real people, Smith said.
I am being forced into exile by the world's superpower, Taylor said in an address videotaped at his home.
The governor is going to Jackson, where 13 people were killed.
WorldCom's financial troubles came to light last year and the company subsequently filed for bankruptcy in July, 2002.
I can say I am being forced into exile by the world superpower, he said.
Announcing the selection, Kmart CEO Julian Day said Grey will help the retailer find creative ways to communicate the unique strengths of Kmart to the new America consumer.
Cintas is battling efforts to unionize 17,000 of its workers and to let unions organize the workers by signing cards, rather than by a lengthy election process.
Cullen, 43, is charged with killing a Roman Catholic Church official and attempting to kill another patient at Somerset Medical Center in Somerville.
Bolivia's army fought to stop a column of dynamite-wielding miners from streaming into the besieged capital on Wednesday, leaving two dead as a popular uprising against the President spread.
The world's largest software company said it recognized the difficulty the multiple patches posed for companies trying to apply them.
MediaQ's customers include major handheld makers Mitsubishi, Siemens, Palm, Sharp, Philips, Dell and Sony.
The Standard & Poor's 500 Index slipped 4.77, or 0.5 percent, to 929.62.
She won the talent portion singing If I Could and also won in evening wear.
They also showed the greatest increase in early rapid head growth compared with those children with milder forms of the disorder.
Stock futures were trading lower early on Thursday, below fair value, pointing to a lower open.
Taylor's aides warn an abrupt departure could trigger more chaos, a view shared by many in Liberia and, in private, even by mediators.
Naim al-Goud, mayor of Hit, said people from outside his region were ``doing this sabotage against the lines.
He is one of two Democrats on the five-member FCC, and he is a strong advocate of harsher penalties against radio and television stations that violate indecency laws.
The agency could not say when the tape was made, though the voice says he is speaking on June 14.
She said no company official had received an individual target letter at this time.
The Bush administration wants to let governors seek exemptions from a ban on mining, drilling and logging in one-third of the national forests.
It suggests that Congress consider making the CIA director a professional position, rather than a political appointment.
FirstEnergy Corp. should have determined that modernizing one of its plants would increase overall pollution emissions, U.S. District Judge Edmund Sargus ruled Thursday.
Young has 28 days to file a response and ask the NASD for a hearing.
Eddington is to meet the other two unions separately later on Monday.
Shares were off 30 cents, or 1.3 percent, at $22.58 on Tuesday on the New York Stock Exchange.
Peterson has been charged with two counts of murder in the deaths of his wife and son.
German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder said last week that Berlin will consider sending peacekeepers only if requested by an interim Iraqi government or the United Nations.
Lucent's stock was up a penny at $2.22 in heavy trading on the New York Stock Exchange on Friday afternoon.
Security analysts said the new version, W32/Sobig.C-mm, had already reached a high level outbreak status by mid-afternoon on Monday.
Taha's husband, former oil minister Amer Mohammed Rashid, surrendered to U.S. forces on April 28.
Significantly, it made no mention of the role of terrorist organisation Jemah Islamiyah, accused of being behind the attacks.
Richard Miller remained hospitalized after undergoing a liver transplant, but his wife has recovered.
EnCana also reaffirmed its forecast of 10 per cent internal sales growth in 2003 and 2004.
The company has agreed terms on the purchase of the paper division of the Dutch office supplies group Buhrmann, the largest paper distributor in Europe.
The report ranked 45 large companies based on employment, marketing, procurement, community reinvestment and charitable donations.
I'm quite positive about it, except that I would not want to cut across things that are now occurring, he said.
In the past two years scientists say there have been vaccine shortages for diphtheria-tetanus-whooping cough, measles-mumps-rubella, pneumococcal disease, tetanus and chicken pox.
The pressure on Peter Hollingworth to resign as Governor-General intensified last night as three Anglican bishops said it was time for their former colleague to step down.
Speaking to reporters at a New York news conference, Universal McCann's Coen projected that total U.S. ad spending will rise 4.6 percent to $247.7 billion this year.
Altria shares fell $1.23, or 2.8 percent, to $42.44 and were the Dow's biggest percent loser.
But in Palestine, her rural neighbourhood 225 miles west of Washington, residents had nothing but praise for Pte Lynch.
British military police have also been taking statements from 30 of the women who have made the allegations.
The IRS said taxpayers can avoid problems with lost or stolen refunds by having refunds deposited directly into personal checking or savings accounts.
The exam is a requirement for graduation, but Mills reversed course after an estimated 60 percent of students statewide failed it.
We've put a lot of effort and energy into improving our patching progress, probably later than we should have.
I called the number and the lady told me she was talking on the phone to Toby Studabaker.
The compilers are available in two forms: The Intel C++ Compiler for Microsoft eMbedded Visual C++ is available from Intel for $399, and is intended for applications development.
Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Alexander Losyukov said in Moscow Tuesday a firm date would be fixed by this months end.
The Java Enterprise System bundles a slew of Sun software for a yearly subscription of $100 per employee.
And two key shuttle program leaders were out of town during the flight.
The judge also refused to postpone the trial date of Sept.
29.
Charles Howell III picked up some local knowledge a year ago that provided much-needed insight in the opening round of the Memorial Tournament in Dublin, Ohio.
But the signal is designed to make it more difficult for consumers to then transfer those copies to the Internet and make them available to potentially millions of others.
More developed APEC members say failure to fight terror will be a cost in itself.
Selling it symbolically writes a finish to that chapter in the administration of our city schools.
After that, college President Paul Pribbenow told him to wrap up his speech.
Bush's aides describe Omaha as the most crucial stop, since Senator Ben Nelson, Democrat of Nebraska, has become their top lobbying target on the tax-cut package.
Vivendi shares were 0.3 percent up at 15.62 euros in Paris at 0841 GMT.
The evidence that we had of weapons of mass destruction was drawn up and accepted by the Joint Intelligence Committee, he said.
It's very difficult to do large syndicated loans in Japan, where there is a lack of expertise, says one banker.
Mississippi is among the bottom five states on nine other measures.
Florida's Third District Court of Appeal saidon Wednesdaythe original proceedings were irretrievably tainted by misconduct by lawyers representing the class.
Saddam's daughters had British schools and hospitals in mind when they decided to ask for asylum -- especially the schools, he told The Sun.
In Canada, Tim Hortons' same-store sales were up as much as 6.7 per cent.
Italian police investigating the Prodi bomb suspect an anarchist group that claimed responsibility for Dec.
21 explosions near his house, according to Italian news agency ANSA.
French troops defend a group of foreigners as they board helicopters for evacuation from the European Union compound in Monrovia, Liberia.
Gerry Kiely, a EU agriculture representative in Washington, said EU ministers were invited but canceled because the union is closing talks on agricultural reform.
It is probably not the easiest time to come in and take over the shuttle program, but then again, I look forward to the challenge, he said.
Cisco has signed similar deals with AT&T Corp. T.N , SBC Communications Inc.
SBC.N and Sprint Corp. FON.N .
Fidelity Investments, the nation's largest mutual-fund company, said it received a subpoena from New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer's office regarding its investigation to potential fund-trading abuses.
A nationally board certified teacher with a master's degree, Kelley makes a salary of $65,000 in his 30th year.
Waiting crowds filling the streets on both sides overwhelmed the peacekeepers soon after daylight, sweeping past the barbed wire barricades.
The dollar was also helped by concerns about possible yen- selling intervention by Japanese authorities.
She said she told O'Donnell, Your mother died of breast cancer.
But turning the corner doesn't mean crossing the finish line, Gregory said at the bishops' annual meeting here.
Kernan, who was O'Bannon's lieutenant governor, friend and political partner, was sworn in six hours after O'Bannon died Saturday.
It is important for a process to be put into place, he said, that would permit a smooth transition from war to peace.
His chief lawyer, Mahendradatta, said Bashir was mentally prepared for a heavy sentencing demand and felt the Marriott bombing would affect the decision.
Wyeth estimates that 1,2 million women are still taking Prempro pills, down from about 3,4 million before the WHI study was halted last year.
The injured passenger at John Peter Smith died later in the morning; his name has not been released, Jones said.
It is almost certain to exacerbate the divisions between Washington and Europe that emerged before the war in Iraq.
Authorities said the informant, an inmate named Richard Powell who is imprisoned for killing his landlady in 1982, led a team to the spot.
Shares of Hartford rose $2.88 to $46.50 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading.
Zilkha and other shareholders, including Coastal Corp. founder and vocal El Paso critic Oscar Wyatt Jr., had called for Wise's termination for months.
About 150 local governments, including those of Carrboro, Alaska, Hawaii and Vermont, have approved similar resolutions.
Then they moved inside the mosque and started firing on the people,'' he told the Associated Press.
The Columbia broke apart during descent on Feb.
1, killing all seven astronauts aboard.
Scientists are working to determine how exactly how acrylamide is formed in food.
Neighboring Canada has just decided to legalize same-sex marriage, and they have high hopes that Massachusetts' supreme court will take a similar step soon.
The highest-paid Washington private-college president is Susan Resneck Pierce, who heads the University of Puget Sound.
Launched from the space shuttle Atlantis in 1989, Galileo will have travelled about 4.6 billion kilometres by the time it hits Jupiter.
The airline's pilots, for example, are taking a 15-per-cent cut.
He said it was a mistake, and he reimbursed the party nearly $2,000.
Annika Sorenstam gets her first opportunity to test that objective this week at the McDonald's LPGA Championship.
We must not engage in borough warfare, Thompson testified at a budget hearing by the City Council's Finance Committee.
A separate case seeking to renegotiate contracts was filed by Sierra Pacific Resources SRP.N utility Nevada Power Co. and two municipal utilities.
Ex-Bears star William 'the Refrigerator' Perry competes in the Nathan's Famous Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest Friday.
Associated Press Writer Marc Humbert in Albany contributed to this report.
Christina's aunt, Shelley Riling, said she will address the court.
Gartner's report said global WLAN equipment shipments reached 19.5 million last year, a 120 percent increase over 2001's 8.9 million units.
Late trading: Placing a buy order for a mutual fund after 4 p.m.
ET and getting it at that day's closing net asset value.
She had only a single condition, that the book not be published until after her death.
Opponents said they had 1.1 million signatures on petitions opposing the recall, though those petitions would have no legal effect.
A Melbourne TV producer who worked on shows including Who Wants To Be a Millionaire?
Police have arrested 21 people in connection with the murder of a young Nigerian child whose headless and limbless torso was found floating in the river Thames.
Shortly after his arrest, detectives told Deasean's father, Stelly Chisolm, a college student, and mother, Kimberly Hill, a medical assistant, about the development.
You know I have always tried to be honest with you and open about my life, Limbaugh said during a stunning admission aired nationwide on Friday.
Shares of the company, the second-largest U.S. coal producer behind Peabody Energy Corp. BTU.N , were up more than 3 percent in afternoon trade.
A postal distribution center where four anthrax-laced letters passed through two years ago was fumigated with chlorine dioxide gas as crews wound up the decontamination process this weekend.
Mr Annan said terrorism will only be defeated if we act to solve the political disputes and long-standing conflicts which generate support for it.
From Justin to Kelly, a romance starring American Idol winner Kelly Clarkson and runner-up Justin Guarini, bombed with just $2.9 million, opening at No. 11.
He led Philippine police to a tonne of TNT that officials say was intended for planned attacks in Singapore on Western targets, including US and Australian diplomatic posts.
The capsule ended up on its side and appeared to have been dragged about 40ft by the main parachute after landing.
More than 1,000 people rallied over three days, proclaiming that genetically modified foods weren't the answer to the world's food problems.
The organizers of the University Games, which began Thursday, were hoping North Korea's participation would help boost inter-Korean reconciliation in the leadup to this week's summit.
Our prognosis for a continued and steady recovery is being realized, and the outlook remains bright, bureau CEO Greg Stuart says.
While many good people work in the telemarketing industry, Bush said in prepared remarks, the public is understandably losing patience with these unwanted phone calls, unwanted intrusions.
EDS is in the process of responding to a subpoena and providing documents and information to the SEC, the company said.
Without comment, the court declined to hear suspended Alabama Chief Justice Roy Moore's appeals.
On Tuesday, the Nikkei Average dropped 107.08 points, or 1.3 percent, to close at 8,120.24.
He has also served on the president's Homeland Security Advisory Council.
In that position, Elias will report to Joe Tucci, president and CEO of EMC.
Residents of 220 homes forced out of their houses Sunday returned Monday, many to flooded basements or lower floors.
We believe them to be without merit, and will defend ourselves vigorously.
Around 9:00 a.m.
EDT (1300 GMT), the euro was at $1.1566 against the dollar, up 0.07 percent on the day.
Abbas told the summit he would end the armed intefadeh, renounced terrorism against the Israelis wherever they might be and alluded to the disarming of militants.
Besides Japan he will visit the Philippines, Thailand, Singapore, Indonesia and Australia before returning home on Oct.
24.
The judge had told the state Department of Mental Health to find supervised housing and treatment for DeVries somewhere in California.
The news has caused a rush of people to the Knox County Health Department to get vaccinated.
In 2002, spending on inpatient hospital care grew by 6.8 percent and the costs of outpatient hospital care rose by 14.6 percent, the study.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC rose 17.33 points, or 1.07 percent, to 1,640.13.
India blamed that and other attacks on Pakistan-based militants fighting Indian rule in Kashmir, its only Muslim-majority state.
Axcan's shares were down 3.8 percent, or 66 Canadian cents, at C$16.90 in Toronto on Tuesday.
The Leader of the Opposition, Simon Crean, said from Jakarta that the reshuffle had been forced by ministerial incompetence.
The Dow Jones industrial average was up 17 points to 9,090, while the Nasdaq composite index fell 10 points to 1,601.
He was then given leave to appeal against the sentence to the Supreme Court of Appeal.
Some Boston bar managers said they worry that banning smoking will create a hazard as groups of smokers huddle outside on sidewalks and in parking lots to smoke.
In 2002, Senator Trapdoor took in $18,009 from moonlighting as a songwriter, according to his latest Senate financial disclosure.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC gave up 3.88 points, or 0.24 percent, to 1,644.76.
Chirac, who can pardon a law-breaker, refused Humbert's request last year but kept in close touch with the family.
Already, the impact of Chinas moves is sending ripples through the region.
Senior vice president Sara Fields said the airline will work professionally and cooperatively with all our unions.
Both are being held in the Armstrong County Jail.
We firmly believe we have an absolute right to use the common word 'spike' as the name of our network.
Garner said reconstruction will not be as difficult as he anticipated because the war caused less damage and created fewer refugees.
Hotly contested legislation that would change the state's takeover law and help a Michigan-based development company fend off a takeover cleared the state Senate on Thursday.
But Lawtey is the first entire prison to take that path.
The proposal likely would result in the election of 22 Republicans and 10 Democrats to Congress, instead of the state's current 17 Democrats and 15 Republicans, officials say.
He said: I fear on this occasion what happened was those bits of the alphabet which supported the case were selected.
We're losing one or two American soldiers every day.
This study's researchers, from the Institute of Child Development of the University of Minnesota, had earlier found the same pattern in children aged three and four.
Since March 11, when the markets major indexes were at their lowest levels since hitting multiyear lows in October, the tech-laden Nasdaq has climbed nearly 20 percent.
I expect Japan to keep conducting intervention, but the volume is likely to fall sharply, said Junya Tanase, forex strategist at JP Morgan Chase.
The $250 million expansion will boost Nissan's total investment at its two Tennessee plants to $2.75 billion.
It''s absurd, Funny Cide's trainer Barclay Tagg said.
Fires in Spain's Extramadura region bordering Portugal, and Avila province forced hundreds of people to leave their homes.
The new analysis found that 32 of the 16,608 participants developed ovarian cancer during about 5 years of follow-up.
Kodak expects earnings of 5 cents to 25 cents a share in the quarter.
General Huweirini, who has worked closely with the US, was wounded in the shooting on December 4, US officials said.
One of the Oregon species was acclimated to a temperature of 65 (18.33 Celsius), but survived until the aquarium temperature reached 87 (30.56 Celsius).
The euro was up 0.67 percent against the dollar at $1.1784 after rising to a three-month high earlier in the session above $1.18.
WorldCom's problems came to light last year, and the company filed for the largest bankruptcy in US history in July 2002, citing massive accounting irregularities.
A statement released by DEI said Green would begin driving the car on an interim basis beginning next week in the Winston Open at Lowe's Motor Speedway.
But company officials expect the costs of the replacement work to run into the millions of dollars.
Mr Eddington warned yesterday that the future of the airline was in the hands of the negotiators.
We've become like total strangers, John told a pal two days before his death.
He presented the map at last week's Sixth International Conference on Mars in Pasadena, Calif.
On Sunday, a U.S. soldier was killed and another injured in southern Iraq when a munitions dump exploded.
And the swagger of a president saying `bring `em on' will never bring peace, Kerry said.
NBC also announced that it has extended its deal with Warner Brothers Television to keep ER on the air for at least three more seasons.
Juries in state and federal cases alike have also grown reluctant to impose the death penalty.
Cable high-speed lines increased 32.2 percent to 243,143.
One group had taken the other group's human cargo earlier, he said.
Moments later, he hugged his defense lawyers, softly saying, Thank you, so much.
One way or another, Harry Potter And The Order Of The Phoenix will be in your hands by Saturday.
In 2001, the diocese reached a $15 million settlement involving five priests and 26 plaintiffs.
The news comes after Drax's American owner, AES Corp. AES.N , last week walked away from the plant after banks and bondholders refused to accept its restructuring offer.
Vice President Dick Cheney says Mississippi Republican Haley Barbour would be a good governor because of his government and business savvy.
These despicable acts were committed by killers whose only faith is hate, Bush said, adding that the United States will find the killers.
The tech-laced Nasdaq Composite .IXIC rallied 30.46 points, or 2.04 percent, to 1,520.15.
U.S. officials say operatives loyal to the ousted Saddam government do not require hightechnology eavesdropping devices to gather substantial amounts of information on the activities of American officials.
Vaccine makers have been thrust into the limelight as government programs encourage wider vaccination amid fears of biological attacks.
In Canada, the surging dollar was in focus again as it struggled and just failed to stay above the 75 cent (U.S.) mark.
We're going to do everything in our power to get money back to ratepayers as quickly as possible, Kennedy said.
Duque arrived with Foale and Kaleri but will return to Earth with Lu and Malenchenko.
The last time it had a larger one-day loss was July 1, 2002, when it shed 59.41 to close at 1,403.80.
Flagship drug sales rose 21 percent excluding exchange rate swings and nine percent in francs to 10.31 billion, while diagnostics sales fell one percent in francs to 3.57 billion.
Whole Nine Yards, and written by first-time screenwriters Elizabeth Hunter and Saladin K. Patterson.
The officers -- Kenneth Boss, Sean Carroll, Edward McMellon and Richard Murphy -- were acquitted in 2000 of state murder charges.
Meanwhile in southern Iraq, the United States released more Iraqi prisoners of war, and officials announced that all would be let go soon.
Donations stemming from the Sept.
11 attacks helped push up contributions to human service organizations by 15 percent and to large branches of the United Way by 28.6 percent.
ABC broadcast a special World News Tonight report out of Washington anchored by Ted Koppel.
But he is the only candidate who has won national labor endorsements so far, picking up his 11th union on Tuesday when the United Steelworkers of America endorsed him.
About two hours later, his body, wrapped in a blanket, was found dumped a few blocks away.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index gained 3 points, or 0.39 percent, at 924.
The other, much less likely semifinal will match seventh-seeded Guillermo Coria of Argentina against the unseeded Dutchman Martin Verkerk.
Bush said U.S. and European Union leaders, at an annual Washington summit, agreed on the need to keep Iran from developing nuclear weapons.
The service also features a self-healing option that can provide continuous access to critical applications.
In the total external disk storage system market, revenue increased 1.5 percent year over year in the third quarter, to $3.2 billion.
Doctors have speculated that the body’s own estrogen protects against cell damage and improves blood flow.
No legislative action is final without concurrence of the House, and it appeared the measure faced a tougher road there.
On the upside, Coca-Cola Co. (nyse: KO - news - people) reported higher profit for the quarter early on Thursday, helped by European demand.
Many of the changes are improvements to the original plan, Libeskind said.
During the investigation, Bryant was cooperative with investigators and remains cooperative with authorities, the sheriff's office said.
Nine years ago, they were married by a justice of the peace.
On Tuesday night rioters shot one person in the shoulder and beat or stabbed others.
In 1980, 6% of children aged six to 18 were overweight, he said.
Is it in the food supply? says David Ropeik, director of risk communication at the Harvard Center for Risk Analysis.
He is expected to ask for a lifeline of around €50m to pay suppliers and keep the company afloat.
That compared with a loss of $55.4 million, or $4.92 per share in the same period a year earlier.
Her body was found several weeks later in the Green River.
Meanwhile, the Connecticut attorney general, Richard Blumenthal, said he was considering legal action against Mr. Abraham's order.
He said the issue of disclosing classified information about a C.I.A. officer was a very serious matter that should be pursued to the fullest extent by the Justice Department.
SCO has not shown us any evidence that we've violated our agreements in any way, IBM spokesperson Trink Guarino told internetnews.com.
The University of Michigan released a new undergraduate admission process Thursday, dropping a point system the U.S. Supreme Court found unconstitutional in June.
Low-income earners would pay a 5 percent rate for both capital gains and corporate dividends.
We are very pleased that the court dismissed the vast majority of the plaintiff's claims, said Coke spokesman Ben Deutsch.
Water management officials in Florida were worried about some of the already-swollen rivers and lakes, because a direct hit from a hurricane could cause severe flooding.
This represents an additional 23 cases of dementia per year in every 10,000 women treated.
Police spokesman Wayne Bvudzijena said in a statement that at least 154 people, most of them opposition activists or officials, were arrested across the country Monday.
The Nasdaq Composite Index lost 16.95, or 1.1 percent, to 1507.76, its first slide in five days.
Judge Elizabeth Long heard arguments in the state case Thursday.
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX inched up 3 points, or 0.32 percent, to 970.
Lucent's stock shed 6 cents, or 2.7 percent, to close at $2.15 after heavy trading on the New York Stock Exchange on Friday.
Initial reports said the attackers fired from a mosque within in the city, 30 miles west of Baghdad.
An Associated Press report is included.
The Democrat's 2000 platform didn't explicitly support gay marriages but backed the full inclusion of gay and lesbian families into the life of the nation.
Deasean and Walker, a resident of nearby Barbey Street, were rushed to Brookdale Hospital Medical Center, where they died about 6 p.m., O'Brien said.
It consisted of eight blacks, two Guyanese and two whites.
Lord of the Rings director Peter Jackson and longtime companion Fran Walsh.
State Democratic Chairman Herman Farrell, who is also chairman of the state Assembly's Ways and Means Committee, seemed perfectly happy to make it a political fight.
Moroccan Interior Minister Al Mustapha Sahel told state-run 2M television late Saturday the investigation points to a group that has been arrested recently an apparent reference to Salafist Jihad.
The World Health Organization and the United States Centers for Disease Control sent down a team to look into it.
IBM shares closed up $1.75, or 2.11 percent, at $84.50 on the New York Stock Exchange.
Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld and other top Pentagon officials downplayed Wallace's comments.
Meanwhile, law enforcement officials in Palm Beach County, Fla., where Limbaugh owns a $24 million mansion, said his drug use is under investigation.
Less than a month after leaving as host of Dateline NBC, Pauley agreed Thursday to launch a daytime talk show for NBC Enterprises.
It calls for the agency to plan an independent safety and engineering organization.
The quick conviction followed a 21/2-week trial, during which Waagner represented himself.
Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg said yesterday that the men's behavior was a disgrace, and totally inappropriate for city employees.
The search feature works with around 120,000 titles from 190 publishers, which translates into some 33 million pages of searchable text.
Larger publishers such as Simon & Schuster and Random House decided not to pursue the books group, sources familiar with the situation said.
Nationwide, severe acute respiratory syndrome has infected more than 5,300 people, about two-thirds of world's total, and killed 343 of them.
It later emerged that he had broken his right thigh and bones in his right wrist and elbow.
Shares of LendingTree rose $6.03, or 41 percent, to close at $20.72 on the Nasdaq stock market yesterday.
Officer Evans had declined written and telephone requests for an interview.
Randall Simon singled to right for the second run.
AN artist has infuriated New Yorkers by painting a sign reading CAUTION Low Flying Planes on a building near Ground Zero.
We acted because we saw the evidence in a dramatic new light, through the prism of our experience on 9/11.
Sub-indexes measuring prices, new orders, inventories and exports increased.
He added that we are not going to make progress if we don't broaden the tent.
Both NASA and Russian space officials said it posed no danger to the crew.
Mr. Young said he was disappointed that the government didn't see the severe acute respiratory syndrome crisis as worthy of federal disaster-relief money.
They also said the rule will improve the reliability of the nation's electrical system, which is needed after last week's massive power blackout.
Car volume fell 8 per cent, while light truck sales -- which include vans, pickups and SUVs -- rose 2.7 per cent.
A judge already has ruled that double-jeopardy protections don't apply in the case.
The film is the second of a trilogy, which will wrap up in November with The Matrix Revolutions.
He added that if he were diagnosed with vCJD I would ensure I received this treatment as soon as humanly possible.
Lawyers for the telemarketers said there was no logical connection between the registry's limited scope and advancing that interest.
They are trying to turn him into a martyr, said Vicki Saporta, president of the National Abortion Federation, which tracks abortion-related violence.
He was charged with attempting to provide material support and resources to terrorists, and dealing arms without a licence.
After posting $3 million bail, Jackson flew to Las Vegas, where he had been working on a video.
Tamil parties blame the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE) for these killings.
Witnesses said four Iraqis were killed and 14 injured during the protest and clash with British forces.
Stack said he did no work for Triumph until 1999, when a grand jury began investigating Silvester.
Two Atlanta-based companies that have not been accused of wrongdoing -- Delta Air Lines and Home Depot -- were also mentioned by witnesses as having excessive pay packages for CEOs.
In Las Vegas, federal agents stormed two clubs - Cheetah's and Jaguars - along with Galardi Enterprises, an office atop a bar in downtown.
I didn't see either one today, but if they're here and wave from the side, I'll certainly wave to them, Bloomberg said.
I think it happened very quickly, said Investigator Phil Yochum of the Houston Police Department's homicide division.
A federal appeals court ruled Tuesday that the U.S. government can withhold the names of people detained as part of the September 11 investigation, reversing a lower court decision.
They named the man charged as Noureddinne Mouleff, a 36-year-old of North African origin who was arrested in the southern coastal town of Eastbourne last week.
This year, Peninsula health officials got the money to hire part-time water samplers and purchase testing equipment thanks to a $282,355 grant from the Environmental Protection Agency.
All three were studied for fingerprints, DNA and other traces of evidence, but there has been no testimony yet about what the tests might have yielded.
A total of 114 soldiers were killed in the active combat phase that began March 20.
Shares of Mandalay closed down eight cents to $29.42, before the earnings were announced.
They found molecules that can only be produced when ozone breaks down cholesterol.
A council resolution is considered essential in giving Iraqi or U.S.-controlled entities in Baghdad the legal authority to export oil.
Earnings were 59 cents a share for the three months ended May 25 compared with 15 cents a share a year earlier.
SMILING bomber Amrozi was inspired to launch an attack on Bali after his former Australian boss revealed the tourist island was a haven for sinful behaviour by westerners.
They've been in the stores for over six weeks, says Carney.
The French Foreign Minister, Dominique de Villepin, is also expected to attend.
We do not want to stand by and let a credit card lynching take place, declared Rep. Major Owens (D-Brooklyn).
Short workers had worse hearing than expected by age -- three times more often than taller workers, writes Barrenas.
A senior Administration official who briefed journalists on Friday said neither Mr Bush nor National Security Adviser Condoleezza Rice read the estimate in its entirety.
Mehr said police had no way of knowing what Kilpatrick was shooting at when he fired his gun.
The euro has slipped as much as four cents since matching a record peak near $1.1935 last week and hitting a record high of 140.90 yen in late May.
His spokesman Jim Kennedy said the former president also gave more than 70 speeches in 2002 without compensation.
Tehran has made it clear it will only sign the protocol if a ban on imports of peaceful Western nuclear technology is lifted.
Shares of AstraZeneca AZN.N , Europe's second biggest drugmaker, rose 3.71 percent to close at $43.05 on the New York Stock Exchange.
Stealing identities and credit card numbers with bogus e-mail and websites that appear to come from legitimate companies is an increasing problem on the Internet, federal officials warned Monday.
Andy Savage, who is representing Renee Britt, asked the jurors to give her a fair shake.
Atlanta's Hartsfield International Airport will be the testing site next month for a nationwide security system that will collect fingerprints and take photographs of millions of foreign visitors each year.
After 26 hours of surgery and a year of anticipation, the boys were separated Sunday at Children's Medical Center of Dallas.
You can't win elections by looking through the rear view mirror, he said.
But church members and observers say they expect that the decision could be problematic for many Episcopalians.
The United Nations has about 700 troops on the ground, but they have neither the mandate nor the manpower to stop the fighting.
Their groundbreaking contributions commercialise technologies, create jobs, improve productivity and stimulate the nation's growth and development, it said.
They calculate that one-third of those taking the drug would gain an average of 11 years of life, free of cardiovascular disease.
While news on consumer confidence rising is welcomed, it is not a factor in determining gross domestic product whereas new home sales do.
Cisco shares gained $1.28 in after-hours trading to $23.08.
The study focused on the 35,561 people who had never smoked, but who lived with a spouse who did.
The matriarch, who celebrates her 81st birthday next month, was thanked personally yesterday for her generosity by actress Sarah O'Hare, National Breast Cancer Foundation patron.
The main psychologist, Dwight Close, referred questions to an agency spokeswoman, who said she wouldn't comment on personnel issues.
The decision came after listening to our customers and associates, Melissa Berryhill, a spokeswoman for Wal-Mart, said.
The stock rose 48 cents to $30 yesterday in Nasdaq Stock Market trading.
Designed to compete with Microsoft Corp., Project Mad Hatter is being positioned by Sun as a cheaper, secure alternative desktop operating system to Microsoft's various desktop offerings.
Three Cubans were executed for hijacking a Cuban ferry a day later, and six Cubans face trial in Key West in December over a March plane hijacking.
I would like to publicly thank Sir Alex Ferguson for making me the player I am today, Beckham said in the statement.
Recent U.S. appeals court rulings have required Internet providers to identify subscribers suspected of illegally sharing music and movie files.
The priest, the Rev. John F. Johnston, 64, of 35th Avenue in Jackson Heights, was charged with aggravated harassment and criminal possession of a weapon.
Kline's opinion dealt specifically with abortion providers, but later his office said it also would apply to doctors providing services such as prenatal care to pregnant girls under 16.
Wal-Mart, the nation's largest private employer, has expanded its anti-discrimination policy to protect gay and lesbian employees, company officials said Tuesday.
Her lawyers filed a lawsuit against the Dallas County district attorney, Henry Wade, challenging Texas's abortion laws.
Daniel said it takes about two hours and 15 minutes to drive from his home to Nashville.
His movies include Malcolm X, Summer of Sam, Jungle Fever and Do the Right Thing.
Under the compromise, most dividends and capital gains would be taxed at 15 percent through 2008.
The former president also gave numerous speeches in 2002 without compensation, said his spokesman Jim Kennedy.
In terms of a free trade area, we've got a long, long way to go and the Pakistanis understand that.
The global epidemic of HIV, the virus that causes Aids, is tightening its grip on Britain with a record number of new cases diagnosed last year.
She hadn't believed he would jeopardize their marriage and family.
Intel was disappointed and assessing its options in the event Mr. Hamidi resumes his spamming activity against Intel, spokesman Chuck Mulloy said.
Hundreds of reporters and photographers swamped the courthouse grounds before the hearing, which was carried live on national cable networks.
The Securities and Exchange Commission and the U.S. Attorney have opened investigations into Freddie Mac over its accounting practices.
Blair has said there is not ''a shred of truth'' in allegations the government manipulated evidence, and has resisted calls for a full public inquiry.
She should be ashamed of herself for playing politics with this important issue, said state budget division spokesman Andrew Rush.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 44 points, or 0.46 percent, to 9,568.
The seal will ultimately be used on department materials, signage, credentials, badges, vehicles, sea vessels and aircraft.
If no candidate wins more than 50 percent of the vote, the top two vote-getters are headed to a runoff on June 3.
Boeing's board is also expected to decide at its December meeting whether to offer the airplane for sale to airlines.
Shares in Safeway rose 1-1/4p to 288-1/4p in morning trade in London.
Diane Lade of the South Florida Sun-Sentinel, a Tribune Publishing newspaper, contributed to this report.
The premium edition adds OfficeFront Page 2003, Acceleration Server 2000, and SQL Server 2000.
Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi, chairing the summit, said he was prepared to call an extra informal meeting of leaders next month on the constitution if necessary.
Rush is the only witness to the wheelhouse events who has spoken with investigators, Weinshall said.
A Cuban architect was sentenced to 20 years in prison Friday for using two fake grenades to hijack a passenger plane from Cuba to Florida in April.
There are some who feel like the conditions are such that they can attack us there.
The woman was hospitalized June 15, Kansas health officials said.
Although some firms show BPO savings, vendors overstate their current offerings, McCarthy said in a statement.
Elsewhere in Europe, Philips was up 4.6 percent after raising its targets for chip sales on Friday.
Geraldine Andrews, the pastor's daughter-in-law, said Robinson recently took her daughter out of a mental health facility.
Wall Street was also waiting for aluminum maker Alcoa Inc.
AA.N to report earnings after the close.
A total of 114 U.S. soldiers were killed between the start of the war March 20 and the end of April.
French soldiers later threatened to open fire on a Hema battlewagon that tried to pass near the UN compound.
Montreal-based Bombardier's Class B shares rose 6 Canadian cents to C$3.80 in Toronto on Friday.
Microsoft issued a patch for the vulnerability, which affects Windows NT 4.0, Windows NT 4.0 Terminal Services Edition, Windows 2000, Windows XP and Windows Server 2003.
Senior Vice President Eric Rudder, formerly head of the Developer and Platform Evangelism unit, will lead the new entity.
This fall the command will send trainers to work with soldiers from four North African nations on patrolling and gathering intelligence.
Yale spokesman Tom Conroy said the university was prepared to keep the campus running with temporary workers and managers doing extra work.
She was 26 then, and a friend tipped her to another position and told her whom to call.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index rose 6 points, or 0.41 percent, to 1,498.
Its safe to assume the Senate is prepared to pass some form of a cap....The level of it is to be debated.
A positive PSA test has to be followed up with a biopsy or other procedures before cancer can be confirmed.
Employers accused of workplace discrimination now are considered guilty until they can prove themselves innocent.
United hasn't set a starting date for the unit, known within the Chicago-based company as Starfish.
On Friday, every major exhibitor will donate time to play daily trailers on all screens in more than 5,000 U.S. theaters.
A total of 17 cases have been confirmed in the southern city of Basra, the Organization said.
And now it's anything he wants to say, confirmed Stone County Nursing and Rehabilitation Center social director Alesha Badgley.
For the second year in a row, rises in hospital costs accounted for much of the inflation, accounting for 51 percent of the overall cost increase.
The percentage of Californians without health insurance was unchanged, the report showed.
NTP also said it would seek an injunction preventing RIM from selling the BlackBerry in the United States.
He said there were complex reasons for the increased numbers of cases and scientists were only just beginning to understand the risk factors.
She told Murray, We ... we have ... the fresh air is going down fast!
I would like the FCC to start all over again, said Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison, R-Texas, who expressed concern about potentially dangerous newspaper-broadcast combinations.
It seemed like an isolated incident, said Ariel Dean of Washington D.C., who earned a degree in political science.
The governor said budget cuts in mental health care would cut services to 5,800 developmentally disabled Missourians.
The move came just hours after the company's Chief Executive Officer Phil Condit resigned.
Qualcomm has enjoyed many years of selling CDMA chips against little or no competition.
It would not affect economic damages such as lost wages or hospital bills.
To be wedged between these two monsters and hold as well as we did makes it that much better.
GE stock closed Friday at $30.65 a share, down about 42 cents, on the New York Stock Exchange.
Merseyside police found the truck, without the books, the next morning about 20 miles from the warehouse.
Orville Wright's laboratory was once there - where he developed a split airplane wing, tinkered with cars and even built toys.
The registry was launched with $20 million from the Federal Emergency Management Agency.
Wal-Mart said sales at stores open at least a year rose 4.6 percent from a year earlier.
The Sonoma was later found near the Tacoma Cemetery, south of the Tacoma Mall.
A key question was whether France, which infuriated Washington by leading the charge against U.N. authorization for the war, would vote Yes or abstain.
Last month The Washington Post also launched a free tabloid aimed at younger readers called the Express.
He is accused of obstructing justice, witness tampering and destroying evidence.
E Ink is one of several companies working to develop electronic ``paper'' for e-newspapers and e-books, and other possible applications -- even clothing with computer screens sewn into it.
Still, analysts said they were disappointed by the company's 68 million pretax charge for weather-related and test failure costs on its Polar Tanker crude oil tanker program.
Also missing is Al Larsen, 31, of Fort Worth, Texas, who was in another vehicle swept off the turnpike.
Magner, who is 54 and known as Marge, has been the consumer group's chief operating officer since April 2002, and sits on Citigroup's management committee.
Officials say Peeler and Jones were never legally married but had a common-law marriage.
The dollar's slide against the yen was curbed by wariness that Japanese authorities could intervene to stem the yen's rise.
Lord Archer is likely to be released from Hollesley Bay open prison at Woodbridge, Suffolk, on July 21.
The results will be published the July 10 issue of the journal Nature.
An experimental drug can slow the loss of vision caused by a maddening eye disease that is the leading cause of blindness among the elderly, doctors reported on Saturday.
The Senate might support capping noneconomic damages beyond the $250,000 Gov. Jeb Bush proposes, said Senate President Jim King.
SARS went on to claim the lives of 44 people in the Toronto area, including two nurses and a doctor.
Board member Douglas Osheroff, a Nobel-prize winning Stanford physicist, said: There were some extremely bad decisions.
Maybe, but the old age helps us to understand our strength and our weakness and the reality of the world.
The new variation of Blaster was identified Wednesday, according to antivirus company Sophos.
IAAF council member Jose Maria Odriozola said Drummond should be excluded from the championships.
Bush's aides describe Omaha as the most crucial stop, since Sen. Ben Nelson (D-Neb.) has become their top lobbying target on the tax cut package.
The Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade yesterday warned Australians to defer all nonessential travel to Indonesia because of reports of planned terrorist attacks.
A spokeswoman for Interscope Geffen A&M declined to confirm how many employees were affected.
In 1995, the last survey, those numbers were equal.
Fed policy-makers signaled they were prepared to cut rates, now at a 41-year low, to ward off even the threat of deflation.
I've stopped looters, run political parties out of abandoned buildings, caught people with large amounts of cash and weapons, Williams said.
Coca-Cola announced Friday morning that the U.S. Attorney's office in Atlanta has started an inquiry.
He added that genes on the Y might play a role in influencing gender-specific differences in disease susceptibility.
The Metropolitan Transportation Authority was given two weeks to restore the $1.50 fare and the old commuter railroad rates, York declared.
The tech-heavy Nasdaq composite index shot up 5.7 percent for the week.
Those in their twenties who ejaculated more than five times a week were one-third less likely to develop aggressive prostate cancer later in life, they say.
But Mitsubishi Tokyo Financial (JP:8306: news, chart, profile) declined 3,000 yen, or 0.65 percent, to 456,000 yen.
It is priced at $5,995 or $195 on a per user licensing plan with a minimum of five users.
We're optimistic we can deliver the vaccine to these people in time to do good, said Dr. David Fleming, the CDC's deputy director for Public Health and Science.
The men will appear in Brisbane Magistrates Court on Monday.
A second bomb, evidently carried by the other woman, did not explode; the authorities detonated the explosives later.
A Global Crossing representative had no immediate comment.
OS ANGELES, Oct.
24 Will Walt Disney Concert Hall, the new home of the Los Angeles Philharmonic, bring urban vitality to the city's uninviting downtown area?
King, brand-name writer, master of the horror story and e-book pioneer, is receiving this year's medal for Distinguished Contributions to American Letters.
They ransacked and burned the two villages completely, rebel commander Ousmane Coulibaly told Reuters by satellite phone from the bush.
The Standard & Poor's retail index was up more than 1.5 percent.
Chirac, who has the authority to pardon law-breakers, refused Humbert's request to be allowed to die last year but kept in close touch with the family.
A message left with Spitzer's office as well as Citigroup and Goldman Sachs were not immediately returned.
The workers accuse General Dynamics of reverse age discrimination because of a change in retirement benefits in 1997.
North American markets finished mixed in directionless trading Monday as earnings season begins to slow and economic indicators move into the spotlight.
Marvell Technology also reported revenue of $168.3 million, exceeding the First Call estimate of $162.6 million.
North American futures pointed to a strong start to the first trading session of the week Monday, as earnings season slows and economic indicators take the spotlight.
Oracle managers also indicated PeopleSoft's roughly 8,000 workers could expect mass layoffs, though they did not get into specifics.
Volodymyr Gorbanovsky, deputy general director of the plane's owners, Mediterranean Airlines, said initial information indicated it had veered from its flight path because of fog.
A public comment period on the proposed new taxes will end on Monday.
Still, he said, I'm absolutely confident we're going to have a bill.
The Episcopal Church is the American branch of the Anglican Communion.
An unclear number of people were killed and more injured.
Selenski had served about seven years in prison for bank robbery.
Trading of EchoStar's stock closed Tuesday at a 52-week high of $32.17, up $1.54.
Pope John Paul has health problems but is firmly in charge of the Roman Catholic Church, the pope's top aide told Reuters on Friday.
In 1999, Mauritania became only the third Arab League state to establish full diplomatic relations with the Jewish state.
Tuition at the six two-year community colleges will leap by $300, to $2,800.
That package included increases to both the city's sales and income taxes.
Authorities questioned O'Dell in Pennsylvania over the weekend after identifying her through records at the self-storage company.
The state's House delegation currently consists of 17 Democrats and 15 Republicans.
Asked about other possible attacks, Roberts said: I don't think there's any question about it that . . . they're going to be very global in nature.
SPOT products run a Microsoft operating system and the company's DirectBand radio technology developed with SCA Data Systems.
They certainly reveal a very close relationship between Boeing and senior Washington officials.
Wal-Mart Stores Inc., the nation's largest private employer, will now include gays and lesbians in its anti-discrimination policy, company officials said Wednesday.
Stewart intends to declare her innocence if indicted and proceed to trial, her lawyer said.
We will keep fighting within the law...against this terrorist group and those who support it.
The announcement comes one day after Scott Charney, Microsoft's global security chief, reiterated Microsoft's promises to simplify the way it distributes patches to customers.
Hill, 50, would be the first person executed for killing an abortion doctor.
Intel spokesman Daniel Francisco said the company is looking into the problem identified by Nortel, but he declined to provide any details.
The results were 3 cents a share lower than the forecast of analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call.
Plants still must abide by state and federal air-pollution laws, so there will not be an increase in smog, the administration argues.
Linux company SuSE was today acquired by Novell in a $210 million all-cash deal.
At midday Saturday, automatic gunfire rattled windows in the Qadesiyah neighborhood, a largely Arab area that borders a Kurdish quarter.
Under the law, telemarketers who call numbers on the list can be fined up to $11,000 for each violation.
About 80 percent of Pakistan's 140 million people are Sunnis.
Meningitis is an infection of the spinal cord fluid and the tissue around the brain.
A number of witnesses have told the court Bashir heads Jemaah Islamiah, accused of wanting an Islamic state in the region.
In crafting the tax relief packages, the president has always had both the short-term and the long-term in mind, Buchan said.
The informant alleged that the two arrested men were trying to engage Russian exiles in Britain in the conspiracy to kill Mr Putin.
Generally unwanted—and often pornographic or with fraudulent intent —spam is a nuisance and a distraction, Gates writes.
The final round of the bee will be broadcast on ESPN at 1 p.m.
Thursday.
Journalists were not the only people notified that their phone calls had been intercepted.
Nissan North America Inc. said Wednesday it was moving production of the Pathfinder sport utility vehicle to Tennessee, adding 800 jobs.
Anyone with information is asked to call Detective Kevin Umphrey at 688-4163 or Crime Stoppers at (800) 458-8477.
The agent reported his contacts to Texas law enforcement officials and told them another legislator being sought was in Ardmore.
If you have more turnovers, if you're at the bottom of the league in turnover ratio [Washington was 29th], your chances aren't good.
India has also in the past blamed Pakistan-based militants fighting Indian rule in Kashmir, its only Muslim-majority state, for bombs and other attacks.
The Dow Jones rose 41.61 points Friday, a gain of 0.4% for the day and 0.7% for the week.
Sen. Richard Shelby, a Republican from Alabama, chairman of the Senate Banking Committee, wasn't rushing to endorse the legislation, said committee spokesman Andrew Gray.
The United States says 1,882 Americans remain listed as missing in action and unaccounted for from the Vietnam War.
In morning trading on the New York Stock Exchange, Coca-Cola shares were down 34 cents at $43.67.
The report finds that 6.5 percent of American adults were diagnosed with diabetes in 2002 compared with 5.1 percent in 1997.
Lovett's father, Ron Lovett, issued a statement apologising for his son's behaviour.
Congress twice before passed similar restrictions only to see President Bill Clinton veto them.
As of now, they are not supposed to wear anything on their heads but a NYC transit depot logo cap, Baldeo said.
DVD music took off, accounting for more than five percent of sales, and legitimate online music broadened its reach.
The Standard Edition One is a single processor version of the Oracle Standard Edition Database.
Health Minister Manto-Tshabalala Msimang is not fit to preside over an anti-retroviral treatment rollout plan, according to some opposition parties.
The company will launch 800 hot spots, or Wi-Fi Zones, later this summer, and plans to have more than 2,100 by the end of the year.
He played four seasons in Miami, including the Dolphins' 27-17 loss to Washington in the Super Bowl.
MONY shares rose 8.76 per cent to $31.90 in after-hours trading in New York.
On Wednesday, a man was shot near Kut as he tried to run over two marines at a checkpoint.
Since Perkins arrived at UConn in 1990 from Maryland, the Huskies have fielded six national championship teams in three sports -- men's basketball, women's basketball and men's soccer.
Ms. Kethley has said she also repeatedly denied his accusations.
Police met with school officials Oct.
24 and agreed to increase their presence after reports of increased violence and gang activity.
Calvin Hollins Jr.'s attorney, Thomas Royce, repeatedly has said his client had no link with the company that owned and operated E2.
The man accused of using fake grenades to commandeer a Cuban plane that landed in Key West in April was sentenced Friday to 20 years in prison.
I stand 100 percent by it, and I think that our intelligence services gave us the correct intelligence and information at the time, Blair said.
Their biological daughter Renee Jackson, 29, said she made huge pots of beans and rice, and meat and casseroles.
Captain Smith left the ferry terminal after the crash, went to his home and attempted suicide.
The Russell 2000 index, the barometer of smaller company stocks, rose 3.28, or 0.7 percent, to 494.20.
In that order, Nottingham ruled the do-not-call list unconstitutional on free-speech grounds because it applied to calls from businesses but not charities.
Analysts had been expecting a net loss of 54 cents a share, according to Thomson First Call.
The 3{ hours of recordings include conversations between police, firefighters and other emergency workers, as well as media inquiries.
There are defining moments for players and organizations where you are measured.
Initial reports indicated the shots had been fired from inside a mosque.
The University of Michigan released today a new admissions policy after the U.S. Supreme Court struck down in June the way it previously admitted undergraduates.
The number of people in the UK infected by HIV, the virus that causes Aids, increased by almost 20 per cent last year to nearly 50,000.
Bolivia's army fought to stop columns of protesters from streaming into the food-starved capital on Wednesday as a popular uprising against the president spread.
On Thursday, Taiwan reported 131 suspected cases of the disease -- up 11 cases from a day earlier.
They were not supplied or given to us but unearthed by our reporter, David Blair, in the Foreign Ministry in Baghdad.
Analysts surveyed by Reuters Research had been looking for, on average, revenue of $723 million and a loss of 28 cents a share.
To have people say that we did this for the money is foolish and dead wrong, Raymond Jackson said through the pastor.
That I pulled up their shirt and grabbed their breasts and stuff like that: this is not me.
However, the Nasdaq composite index managed to eke out a gain of 4.64 points at 1,735.34.
Yehuda Abraham, a 76-year-old jeweler from New York's diamond district, accepted a $30,000 down payment on behalf of Lakhani for the first missile, investigators said.
The average track error for the five-day (forecast) is 323 nautical miles.
The same three Response Team members also met with Monsignor Grass, who while manifestly repentant, admitted that the allegations were true.
The legislation I'm proud to sign today benefits the entire state of Illinois, every town, every city, every citizen.
President George W. Bush and top administration officials cited the threat from Iraq's banned weapons programs as the main justification for going to war.
The Nasdaq eased 0.15 percent for the week after two consecutive up weeks.
When Olvera-Carrera was moved to the bus, the officers dragged his paralyzed body across the ground, Perez said.
There are only 2,000 Roman Catholics living in Banja Luka now.
The law does not regulate how much individuals can contribute to their own campaigns, a decided advantage for millionaires such as Schwarzenegger and Ueberroth.
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI edged down 28.08 points, or 0.3 percent, at 9,256.49.
Moore was expected to be discharged from the hospital Thursday or Friday, according to Jackie Green, a spokeswoman for the show's press agent.
The commission must work out the plan's details, but the average residential customer paying $840 a year would get a savings of about $30 annually.
Vanderpool said the gunmen were retaliating because the other group had taken the smugglers' human cargo earlier.
In fact, Fatima Haque's prom had practically everything one might expect on one of the most important nights of a teenage girl's year.
Abplanalp used plastic in a model that could be mass-produced, lowering the price per valve from 15 cents to 2 1/2 cents.
Kempenaers said fidelity still exists in some species, notably swans and sea birds such as the albatross that mate for life and are never unfaithful to their partners.
Mr. Bankhead said the crime scenes indicated that the killer was very methodical.
Gehring waived extradition Monday during a hearing in San Jose, and authorities said they expected him back in New Hampshire on Tuesday.
A 32-year-old mother of two is suspected of drowning her children in a bathtub before slashing her wrists in an unsuccessful suicide attempt, police said.
That poll had 712 likely voters and sampling error of plus or minus 3.7 percentage points.
Associated Press Writer Sara Kugler contributed to this report from New York City.
Comcast has about 21.3 million cable subscribers, many in the largest U.S. cities.
The House voted 256-170 on Tuesday to approve the bill sponsored by Rep. Scott McInnis, R-Colo.
National Constitution Center President Joseph Torsella was hit in the head and knocked to his knees.
Acting Police Chief Francisco Ortiz said the explosion was being treated as a criminal matter, but no possibility had been ruled out.
A prosecutor says Dorchester County parents were responsible for the death of their a 6-year-old autistic son, whose body was found in a pond near the family home.
The government now charges that Sattar conspired with Rahman to kill and kidnap individuals in foreign countries.
Vivendi argues the agreement was not approved by its board and that the payoff was inappropriate given the state of Vivendi's finances at the time.
Mr Kenny and the Hicks family's American lawyer, Michael Ratner, are trying to get access to Mr Hicks before he faces a planned military tribunal.
That second dossier, passed to journalists during Mr Blair's trip to Washington, said it drew on a number of sources, including intelligence material.
Culturecom is confident it will make a significant impact on market share with this new development, Frank Cheung, chairman of Culturecom, said in a statement.
However, to verify Iran's claims about its controversial uranium-enrichment program, the IAEA says it must inspect facilities that are not officially declared as nuclear sites.
Iraqi officials say the attacks are being carried out by what they call outsiders who slip into Falluja and attack at night.
He has a preliminary hearing Thursday to determine whether he'll stand trial.
Samuel Waksal, ImClone's former CEO, recently began serving a prison sentence of more than seven years for securities fraud.
The increase reflects lower credit losses and favorable interest rates.
Spam knows no borders, said Brad Smith, Microsoft's senior vice-president and general counsel.
Law enforcement sources who spoke on condition of anonymity confirmed to The Associated Press that Limbaugh was being investigated by the Palm Beach County state attorney's office.
It decided instead to issue them before the stock market opened Monday to counteract the downgrade of its debt late Friday by Moody's to one step above junk status.
Hampton Township is just northeast of Bay City and about 100 miles from Bloomfield Township.
Expenses are expected to be approximately $2.3 billion, at the high end of the previous expectation of $2.2-to-$2.3 billion.
The American Stock Exchange biotech index .BTK surged 5 percent.
Now, Blanca's American husband, 63-year-old Roger Lawrence Strunk, faces a murder indictment issued in February by the Philippine government, which says he's the leading suspect.
Federal Emergency Management Administration designated $20 million to establish the registry.
The letter said staff was told to never speak of the incident.
During President Bush's trip to Africa earlier this month, however, Washington said it would support the increase.
U.S. Wireless restated its financial results when fraud was uncovered, increasing its fiscal year 2000 loss to $17 million from $11 million.
This decision is clearly incorrect, FTC Chairman Timothy Muris said in a written statement.
Australia will introduce legislation later this year to ban spam, the Minister for Communications, Information Technology and the Arts, Senator Richard Alston, announced today.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index was off 4.86 points, or 0.49 percent, at 993.82.
Two fires inside the park and one just outside the park were contained Wednesday afternoon.
Bush shot back: You're looking pretty young these days.
Her father, Florin Cioaba, the king of Transylvania's Gypsies, had her brought back and she was married against her will.
Of about 30 attempts to reach Mars, only 12 missions have succeeded.
Dr. Greg Robinson -- an AIDS patient -- left Health Canada's advisory committee because of inconsistencies in pot access.
The government says the changes are necessary if Israel is to compete successfully in the global marketplace and attract investment.
That's one reason why I'm running to be president of the United States.
South Asia follows, with 1.1 millions youths infected — 62 percent of them female.
The Texas house requires 100 of its 150 members to present in order to conduct business.
Historians believe it was carrying 9 tons of gold coins aimed at buying the loyalty of the Duke of Savoy, a potential ally in southeastern France.
The stunning art robbery on Sunday was one of the biggest in Europe in recent years.
Thanks to Avalon, Longhorn will support new styles of user interfaces and user interface elements.
Scott Dixon eventually made winning the Honda Indy 225 look easy Sunday at Pikes Peak International Raceway.
This case is about a woman who for over 20 years dedicated herself to this country, Levine said.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC gained 1.8 points, or 0.1 percent, at 1,732.50.
But the US insisted it wanted more done to prevent complaints being filed in the first place, preferably by repealing the entire law.
The number of public WiFi hot spots will grow from the current 50,000 to 85,000 by the end of 2004, IDC said.
In July, the Hopkinton, Mass., company agreed to buy Legato Systems of Mountain View for $1.3 billion.
It would have been the first time in Texas history that the comptroller had not certified the budget.
According to the company filings, the investigation appears to be focused on certain accounting practices common to the interactive entertainment industry, with specific emphasis on revenue recognition.
Gulping for air, I started crying and yelling at him, 'What do you mean?
A spokeswoman for Interscope Geffen A&M Records declined to elaborate.
Dealers said the dollar also drew some downside support as Japanese investors are expected to keep snapping up foreign bonds amid the yen's rise against the dollar.
Instead of pursuing the most imminent and real threats - international terrorists, Graham said, this Bush administration chose to settle old scores.
Mr. Ballmer held a split-adjusted 470.9 million Microsoft shares as of Sept.
9 - second only to Chairman Bill Gates.
Neither said whether they would appeal the decision but others said an appeal was certain.
Another Chechen emergency ministry official, Ruslan Khadzhiyev, said the truck was carrying the equivalent of 1.6 tons of TNT.
Gov. Don Carcieri said the ruling shows that state taxation laws apply to any tribal activity.
Early voting will run weekdays from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. through Sept.
9.
Microsoft, which acquired Virtual PC from Connectix in February, said a fix for the problem is not around the corner.
Bush said the United States was reviewing documents and interviewing Iraqis in an effort to support the administration's still unproven claim that Saddam Hussein had weapons of mass destruction.
Several of the audience questions were new to the candidates as well.
Shares of Coke were down 26 cents to close at $44.10 on the New York Stock Exchange.
Under Maine Rx, which state lawmakers approved in 2000, Maine would act as a pharmacy benefit manager to lower the cost of prescription drugs.
When I talked to him last time, did I think it was the end-all?
Company spokesman Jack Ferry said a search is ongoing but declined comment on its status.
Three such vigilante-style attacks forced the hacker organizer, who identified himself only as Eleonora67, to extend the contest until 6 p.m.
EDT Sunday.
She told the New York Daily News she remembers only the intern's first name, which she refused to reveal.
King County Superior Court Judge Charles Mertel will then recess the trial until Monday.
If Rosie lost more than $4.2 million in a fiscal year, O'Donnell - by contract - would have been permitted to quit.
The U.S. troops encountered fire from rocket propelled grenades, mortars and small arms originating from bunkers as well as within and atop surrounding buildings.
It was brazen intimidation to keep people on the reservation, said a Republican who attended but did not want to be named.
He hasn't got much choice, said the Bishop of Armidale, Peter Brain.
The new campaign comes just weeks after U.S. appeals court rulings requiring Internet service providers to identify subscribers suspected of illegally sharing music and movie files.
Authorities did not immediately release the identities of the victims pending family notification.
Enron company executives engaged in widespread and pervasive fraud, prosecutor Samuel Buell told the Associated Press.
Fox was seeking an injunction to halt distribution of Lies and the Lying Liars Who Tell Them: A Fair and Balanced Look at the Right.
U.S. President George W. Bush said the nation lost a great citizen with Hope's death.
Before the war began in March, Iraq pumped about 2.1 million barrels a day.
The agency could put no exact date on the tape, though the voice says he is speaking on June 14.
Government sources said Mr Howard urged the US to provide clear rules governing any potential trials.
They found that 6.4 percent of men on finasteride had high-grade tumors, compared to 5.1 percent taking a placebo.
The weapon turned out to be a Halloween toy.
Rats on the tomato powder diet had a 26 percent lower risk of prostate cancer death than the control rats, allowing for diet restriction.
A new beauty contest kicking off in Italy next week will give pixel-perfect pin-ups the chance to steal sultry Sophia's sex-symbol status.
Jodie Singer, a sixth-grader from Washington, D.C., anxiously awaited her turn at the microphone.
Several cities are competing for the headquarters, including Miami; Panama City; Atlanta; Port-of-Spain, Trinidad; and Puebla, Mexico.
If you pass this bill, Rep. John Mabry Jr., D-Waco, told colleagues, Big Brother will be watching you.
But a U.S. appeals court in San Francisco disagreed and upheld the law.
On Friday, 83 strike supporters were arrested for blocking traffic.
I'm never going to forget this day.
Guidant said it will continue to ship the product and provide support to doctors and patients through October 2003.
Currently living onboard the space station are American astronaut Ed Lu and Russian cosmonaut Yuri Malenchenko.
His harsh criticism of the PLO's chairman, Yasser Arafat, saw the Palestinian Authority ban his books for a time.
Data showed Italian business confidence slipped to its lowest level in 16 months in May, aiding rate cut expectations.
Earnings per share from recurring operations will be 13 cents to 14 cents.
Bethany Hamilton remained in stable condition Saturday after the attack Friday morning.
But Adora Obi Nweze, the NAACP state president, said the state only tried to prove its conclusion of suicide, rather than consider the possibility of murder.
Manfred Bischoff, EADS co-chairman and a member of DaimlerChrysler's management board, said EPI and P&W had presented excellent proposals.
The Legislature on Wednesday sent Gov. Jeb Bush a bill it hopes will lower malpractice insurance rates and keep doctors from limiting their practices or moving out of state.
Adolescent specialist Dr Michael Cohen, who worked on the study, said doctors had treated eight-year-old children with anorexia - and that he had once treated a four-year-old boy.
If the deal is approved, EMC will operate Legato as a software division of EMC headquartered in Mountain View, Calif.
In other markets, U.S. Treasuries inched higher as declining stocks raised the appeal of safe-haven debt.
Mr. Clinton's national security adviser, Sandy Berger, said that the White House wasn't informed of the FBI activities.
A Stage One alert is declared when ozone readings exceed 0.20 parts per million during a one-hour period.
Lloyds TSB confirmed on Tuesday it was considering its options over the sale of its National Bank of New Zealand subsidiary.
We feel so strongly about this issue that we are suspending sales and distribution of SCOLinux until these issues are resolved, Sontag said.
Hilsenrath was also indicted on 33 counts of wire fraud, which each carry a maximum penalty of five years in prison, a $250,000 fine and restitution.
Authorities identified the tipster as Richard Powell, who is imprisoned for killing his landlady in 1982.
Macklowe has signed a sale contract, which is expected to close shortly, said his spokesman, Howard Rubenstein.
Gillespie sent a letter to CBS President Leslie Moonves asking for a historical review or a disclaimer.
Plofsky said the commission won't investigate because the three-year statute of limitations has expired.
The ONS this week reported a surprise 0.6 per cent fall in manufacturing output in August.
SCO claims that the Linux kernel holds Unix intellectual property owned by SCO.
In addition to HP, vendors backing SMI-S include Computer Associates, EMC, IBM, Sun and Veritas.
For the year, it expects sales of $94 million and a profit of 26 cents a share from continuing operations.
They feel so happy making jokes about a mistake like that, Sosa said.
However, a Fort Campbell spokesman, said that Akbar had an attitude problem.
This deal makes sense for both companies, Brian Halla, National's chief executive, said in a statement.
Security lights have also been installed on a barn near the front gate.
The law does not regulate how much individuals can contribute to their own campaigns, a decided advantage for millionaires like Mr. Schwarzenegger and Mr. Ueberroth, both Republican candidates.
Complicating the situation, he continued, are companies, like IBM, whose support of Linux has added credibility and an illusion of support and accountability.
Loan losses, investment writedowns and legal costs led to the largest-ever loss for a European bank last year.
Bruce N. Hawthorne, 53, was named executive vice president and chief staff officer.
About 70 percent of the work is already done, Mr. Tauzin said.
On Monday, the Dow declined 5.25, or 0.1 percent, at 8,983.80, having shed 2.3 percent last week.
I would like to congratulate Russia on the successful World Climate Change Conference last week.
The Telegraph can reveal that Sir John Stevens, the Metropolitan Police Commissioner, placed his force on its highest alert last week.
It calls for the return of U.N. weapons inspectors to verify that Iraq is free of weapons of mass destruction.
IAC's stock closed yesterday down $2.81, or 7.6 percent, at $34.19.
Eugene Uhl followed his father and grandfather into the military, his mother said.
Dennehy, 21, hasn't been heard from in more than two weeks, and police suspect he was killed in the Waco area.
Researchers have identified roughly 130 genes on chromosome six that may predispose humans to certain diseases.
Freddie Mac shares fell $1.49, to $50.01, on the New York Stock Exchange after official acknowledgment of the criminal investigation.
Hebei has reported 191 cases and eight deaths, though the WHO experts did not say how many were in rural areas.
Mascia-Frye oversees European operations for the West Virginia Development Office.
Oracle's offer undervalues the company and is not in the best interest of stockholders, PeopleSoft CEO Craig Conway said.
Feeling rejection as an acute pain may have developed as a defence mechanism for the species, Eisenberger said.
The Calgary woman, who is in her twenties, donated blood on Aug.
7.
The company will offer songs for 99 cents and albums for $9.95.
Tom Kraynak, manager of operations and resources for the Canton, Ohio-based East Central Area Reliability Council, said investigators are considering the scenario.
Two federal agencies are investigating telecommunications gear maker Lucent Technologies for possible violations of U.S. bribery laws in its operations in Saudi Arabia.
The other semifinal between Guillermo Coria of Argentina and Martin Verkerk of the Netherlands is also compelling.
Novelist Michael Peterson was convicted Friday of murdering his wife, whose body was found in a pool of blood at the bottom of a staircase in their home.
But Vincent Weafer, security director with Symantec Security Response, said all the virus did was visit a pornography site.
This blackout was largely preventable, said Spencer Abraham, US energy secretary.
The day after Wilkie resigned, Howard said in a televised address that Iraq possessed chemical and biological weapons capable of causing death and destruction on a mammoth scale.
The study, conducted on the brains of developing mice, was being published today in the journal Molecular Brain Research.
Unable to find a home for him, a judge told mental health authorities they needed to find supervised housing and treatment for DeVries somewhere in California.
The Recording Industry Association of America says it plans to sue the song traders next month.
BellSouth also added 654,000 net long-distance customers in the third quarter.
It may be dying because entrenched interests are positioning themselves to control the Internet's choke-points and they are lobbying the FCC to aid and abet them.
I have always tried to be honest with you and open about my life, Mr. Limbaugh told his audience, which numbers 22 million listeners a week.
One of the key suspects in the October nightclub bombings that killed more than 200 people in Bali went on trial Monday amid tight security.
Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justices Antonin Scalia and Clarence Thomas dissented.
Outside the court, Sriyanto, who faces up to 25 years' jail, denied he had done anything wrong.
The impact of these shortages, U.S. Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham warned yesterday, will touch virtually every American.
Smith ruled that the state's tax falls on the tobacco consumer, not the tribe, making the tribe simply an agent for collecting the tax.
Lindsay Frost and Dylan Baker played Elizabeth Smart's parents.
The Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was off 6.52 points, or 0.39 percent, at 1,645.66.
American forces here organized the elections, which officials say are important steps toward establishing democracy in Iraq.
PeopleSoft CEO Craig Conway has described Oracle's $5.1 billion bid as atrociously bad behaviour from a company with a history of atrociously bad behaviour.
The mock explosion, the first event in the drill, occurred in a car in industrial south Seattle.
He was sentenced to more than seven years in prison after pleading guilty to charges including securities fraud.
United Nations inspectors have discovered traces of highly enriched uranium near an Iranian nuclear facility, heightening worries that the country may have a secret nuclear weapons program.
The timing of [the miniseries] is absolutely staggering to me, Nancy Reagan said in a statement to Fox News Channel last week.
Two Kuwaitis and six Palestinians with Jordanian passports were among the suspects, the official said.
Money from oil sales will now be deposited in a new Development Fund for Iraq, controlled by the United States and Britain and used to rebuild the country.
Hundreds of Kenyan women claiming they were attacked and raped by British soldiers were granted government legal aid Wednesday to pursue their case against the Ministry of Defense.
Scholars in medical ethics have said the notion of medicating people to improve their mental health to the point where they may be executed can present formidable obstacles for doctors.
He said he has initiated a forfeiture action in court and frozen more than $13 million Beacon Hill had when it closed.
Months later, another clinic doctor, Dr. Wayne Patterson, was killed away from the clinic.
The sponsors said they were not advocating the changes yet, but believed it was worth considering - especially as NATO expands to 26 members.
Two-year-old Egyptian twin boys, born with their heads conjoined, have been separated after 26 hours of surgery at the Children's Medical Centre in Dallas.
One senior officer said: He's made it plain that if we think we are facing a suicide bomber, we should shoot first and ask questions later.
IBM of the US and Infineon Technologies of Germany will today announce a technological development that could threaten multi-billion dollar memory chip markets.
Rosenthal declined comment on the Garrett situation Tuesday but said in a statement: We had a big contract negotiation.
The company has always made, and continues to make, exceptional customer service and customer satisfaction a top priority, the statement said.
If their circulatory systems are not properly separated, it could kill one or both of them, doctors have said.
They were killed over a few days in April 2001 and deviant cannibalistic tendencies were the primary motivation for the murders, authorities said.
Microsoft has identified the freely distributed Linux software as one of the biggest threats to its sales.
Wal-Mart, Kohl's Corp., Family Dollar Stores Inc., and Big Lots Inc. were among the merchants posting May sales that fell below Wall Street's modest expectations.
MediaMax performs EXACTLY as advertised to the companies who purchased it, Jacobs said in the statement.
There are just a handful of Catholics left in Banja Luka.
Thompson ordered Moore to remove the monument within 30 days, but stayed that order pending Moore's appeal to the 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals.
Another million barrels, bought by Spanish refiner Cepsa SA, was to be loaded onto a Spanish tanker, Sandra Tapias.
Shares of Goodyear rose 2 cents on Wednesday and closed at $6.83.
He also told investigators that when he was in his mid-teens, he stabbed a 6-year-old boy for no apparent reason.
He drove in another run in the fifth inning on a groundout.
A coalition of states petitioned a federal appeals court Thursday in an effort to force the Environmental Protection Agency to regulate greenhouse gas emissions.
Now, nearly two years later, Mallard prepares for trial on charges of murder and tampering with evidence.
Among other things, Microsoft is to comment on proposed remedies in its response.
In the year-ago quarter, the steelmaker recorded a profit of $16.2 million, or 15 cents per share, on sales of $1.14 billion.
They found no blood and no bones, he said.
The airline has the option to buy 380 more, split evenly between the two manufacturers.
They reported symptoms of fever, headache, rash and muscle aches.
Thousands of pounds of fireworks inside the warehouse and packed in the tractor-trailer rig exploded, the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives said.
The Portuguese weather service said Europe's heatwave was caused by a mass of hot, dry air moving from the southeast.
The plan, called The NIH Roadmap, was developed over 14 months with help from more than 300 consultants in industry and academia.
But it said that the Danish ban had been effective in reducing the spread among food animals.
Hurricane Claudette moved toward the Texas coast on Tuesday and was expected to strengthen before making landfall later in the day, forecasters said.
Tibco's chief marketing officer George Ahn said: Rendezvous has been a Tibco mark for many years and is one of our flagship products.
Still, Mauresmo has the confidence of having beaten Serena for the first time and also is buoyed by Venus Williams' upset loss Sunday to Vera Zvonareva.
Roxio, would get access to more than 300,000 tracks from the music libraries of the major labels, and the Pressplay distribution system.
The indictment charges that Mzoudi was involved in preparations for the attack until the end and was aware of and supported the attackers' violent goals.
Carlow and his group peddled drugs by forging paperwork showing the shipments' prior owners.
Shinseki's career included combat in Vietnam and head of U.S. peacekeeping efforts in Bosnia.
Dan brings to Coca-Cola enormous experience in managing some of the world's largest and most familiar brands, Mr. Heyer said.
The governments of those countries have said that despite rising public opposition, their support will not waver.
The first Palestinian suicide attack in Israel killed eight people in April 1994 in the centre of Afula.
After Jackson testified he never touched the officers during the struggle on the ground, Barnett showed photos of a scratch on Morse's neck and the officer's bloody ear.
The club's board of directors, chaired by president Florentino Perez, decided against renewing the 52-year-old's contract.
To replace Oracle 11.9 with PeopleSoft--that would be a move that makes sense.
They said they only wanted to entertain people and win the best float prize and were fired for exercising their free-speech rights.
Their election increases the board from seven people to nine.
With the economy sluggish, producers have had a tough time trying to raise prices.
When Olvera-Carrera was moved to the bus, Perez said the officers dragged him across the ground.
The donation of 60,000 tons brings the total of U.S. contributions for the year to 100,000.
The magazine glorifies soldiers but not the Bush administration for putting them in Iraq, calling troops the bright sharp instrument of a blunt policy.
Still, revenues from the extra premiums would not be huge.
The latest 11 News/Houston Chronicle Poll shows White supported by 53 percent of surveyed voters, far ahead of Orlando Sanchez's 35 percent.
Nearly one in 10 people have a gene mutation that can raise their risk of cancer by 25 percent or more, US researchers reported yesterday.
About 1,000 people came in stifling heat to begin two days of observances tied to the coming 40th anniversary of the March on Washington on Aug.
28, 1963.
Also Wednesday, a minibus detonated a roadside bomb in a Baghdad traffic tunnel, killing two people and wounding two others, hospital officials said.
According to a news release sent by the Terry Schindler-Schiavo Foundation, Florida Speaker Johnnie Byrd will introduce Terri's Bill during the special session Monday.
It's almost as if they (Russians) hit an x-mark on the ground, NASA spokesman Robert Navias said.
Thousands of people in the South of England caught a glimpse of a lunar eclipse as they gazed up at the sky on Saturday night.
Some state legislators behind the bill say they remain hopeful Bush will sign the legislation, though they acknowledge pressure is building on the governor to do otherwise.
The free service was originally intended to block about 80 percent of telemarketer calls.
He died doing something he loved, William Dusenbery, Sr., who lives in Fairview Heights, just outside St. Louis, Mo.
This deal makes sense for both companies, Halla said in a prepared statement.
It ain't coming to me, but it's only about a third of what I owe in the world.
Officials with Torch and JetBlue did not respond to repeated phone calls from the Mercury News seeking comment.
The vulnerabilities all relate to a lack of effective FAA oversight that needs to be improved, the report said.
The research firm earlier had forecast an increase of 4.9 percent.
He cut his rating for XL shares from buy to neutral and said the shares would not rebound quickly.
Kentucky: Republican Ernie Fletcher, a three-term House member, is battling Democratic state Attorney General Ben Chandler.
It was the first speech by a US president to a joint session of the Philippines Congress since 1960.
PLAYRIGHT George Axelrod, who anticipated the sexual revolution with The Seven Year Itch and Will Success Spoil Rock Hunter?
Our strong preference is to achieve a financial restructuring out of court, Mirant CEO Marce Fuller said in a prepared statement early Friday.
State Republican Chairman Kris Warner said the GOP would not shy away from referring to Wise's problems in the 2004 gubernatorial campaign.
Gary Nicklaus, the 34-year-old son of the Golden Bear who is playing on a sponsor's exemption, birdied five of his first nine holes before shooting 69.
Actor Arnold Schwarzenegger is leaving backers in suspense, and former Los Angeles Mayor Richard Riordan will consider if the Terminator balks.
But Islamic Jihad's main leadership in the Gaza Strip disowned the bombing, saying the group was still committed to the ceasefire.
The latest toll given by officials to state media was 643 dead and over 4,600 injured.
Girolami ordered the records conditionally sealed May 15 at the request of prosecution and defense attorneys.
More than 100 police officers were involved in the busts that were the culmination of a two-year operation investigating the cocaine importing and money laundering gang.
In jihad, the target must be clear, meaning that we should have authentic evidence of the target that they really hate Islam, Imron said.
We still have a lot to do, but I feel confident that HP is no longer an integration story.
We firmly believe that we have an absolute right to use the common word 'spike' to name our network.
According to Sanmina-SCI, Newisys, based in Austin, Texas, will become a wholly-owned subsidiary.
After careful analysis, WHO has concluded that the risk to travelers to Beijing is now minimal, Omi said today at a news conference in Beijing.
Rain and runoff from heavy snow sent a mountain creek on a rampage, washing out a culvert and opening a 22-foot-wide sinkhole in Interstate 70 east of Vail.
The last time the S&P had a larger one-day point loss was also May 19, when it gave back 23.53 to close at 920.77.
Kahuku Ranch has world-class qualities—tremendous resources, tremendous beauty and tremendous value to global biodiversity, he said.
Beginning Friday, every major exhibitor in the country will donate time to play trailers in more than 5,000 theaters across the United States.
We see the First Amendment to protect religious liberty, not crush religious liberty, said Patrick Mahoney, director of the Christian Defense Coalition.
Colin Powell, the Secretary of State, said contacts with Iran would not stop.
Above that, seniors would be responsible for 100 percent of drug costs until the out-of-pocket total reaches $3,600.
Small-business customers paying between $1,200 and $3,200 a year would save between $60 and $120 per year, the commission estimated.
But software license revenues, a measure financial analysts watch closely, decreased 21 percent to $107.6 million.
Others with such a status are Egypt, Israel, and Australia.
The United States welcomes a greater NATO role in Iraq's stabilization, Powell said.
My view is that these Al Qaeda terrorists -- and I believe it was Al Qaeda -- would prefer to have many such events.
The SIA says the DRAM market is expected to grow 2.9 percent to $15.7 billion in 2003 and 43 percent to $22.5 billion in 2004.
He said a man in the seventh row in a brown suit raced past me with his hands raised in the air armed with sharp stakes.
The euro was steady versus the Swiss franc after hitting its highest since mid-2001 of 1.5261 earlier in the session.
Nine traffic deaths were blamed on the storm in North Carolina, Virginia, Maryland, Pennsylvania and Washington.
Iraq's nuclear program had been dismantled and there was no convincing evidence it was being revived, the report said.
After the French threatened to open fire, the battlewagon turned back.
GE's shares closed at $30.65 on Friday on the New York Stock Exchange.
The two rugged counties got 2 to 3 inches of rain between midnight and noon.
Those searches have not found stockpiles of chemical and biological weapons or significant evidence of a nuclear weapons program.
During her two-day visit, Rocca will not meet the rebels since the United States has banned them as a terrorist organisation.
Hester said Sanmina was the best fit among several purchase offers the company received from electronics manufacturers and computer makers.
Zahid and Paveen Sharif were arrested in Derbyshire and Tabassum, Mr Sharif's wife, in Nottinghamshire, last Friday.
It's the first such drill since the September 11 terrorist attacks on New York and Washington.
She claimed all the babies were born full-term and died within hours, he said.
However, Lapidus expects foreign brands' sales to be up 4 percent, driven by strong truck sales at Honda Motor Co.
Those with diabetes run the risk of severe complications, including heart disease, chronic kidney disease, blindness and amputations.
In the second quarter, Anadarko now expects volume of 46 million BOE, down from 48 million BOE.
The US on Tuesday filed a long-anticipated case in the World Trade Organisation aimed at forcing the European Union to lift its de facto moratorium on genetically modified foods.
The film stars James Brolin as Mr. Reagan and Judy Davis as Mrs. Reagan.
The NCSD has about 60 employees, Robert Liscouski, the assistant secretary of homeland security for infrastructure protection, said at a briefing today.
Parrado's aunt believes her nephew, who has served a prison sentence in Cuba, will be persecuted if he is repatriated.
Five-year notes US5YT=RR rose 6/32 in price for a yield of 3.08 percent, down from 3.12 percent late on Tuesday.
A long awaited report on the Hong Kong government's handling of the SARS outbreak has been released.
The heatwave was due to a mass of hot, dry air from the southeast, said Mario Almeida of Portugal's weather service.
Mark Beaumont, a staff writer at music magazine NME, said he doesn't expect a rapturous welcome for Jackson if he goes ahead with his visit to England.
The security official's backup was on active duty, and the lottery association didn't have a replacement in New Jersey, Strutt said.
Less than a mile away, across a river, St. Joseph features trendy restaurants, boutiques, offices and a picturesque beach front.
By skirting the FDA's oversight, Eagan said the quality of the imported drugs is less predictable than U.S. drugs.
Hong Kong was flat, Australia , Singapore and South Korea lost 0.2-0.4 percent.
Rebels sought to consolidate their grip on a troubled northeastern Congolese town Tuesday after a week of fighting that killed at least 112 people.
Samudra not present in Bangkok, the indictment said, but attended a series of meetings before the attacks, recruiting fellow bombers and coordinating the operation.
Yesterday, Taiwan reported 35 new infections, bringing the total number of cases to 418.
Changes in air pollution rules would be up to the Environmental Protection Agency.
Three undocumented immigrants were found dead inside a railroad hopper car Tuesday, two days after fellow immigrants escaped the sweltering car and left behind their weakened companions.
Last month Intel raised its revenue guidance for the quarter to between $7.6 billion and $7.8 billion.
That compares with January 2000, when laptops represented less than 25 percent of sales volume, NPD said.
According to the writer of the letter, the infant was placed on the bed in a baby blanket by a nurse.
It will cost about $20,000 per average course of treatment -16 to 17 weeks.
Robbins said he wants to take any network like ESPN that charges more than $1 per Cox customer and make those optional choices for consumers to buy.
There are more people surrounding the clubhouse than surrounded the Unabomber's home in the hills.
On Monday, U.S. Army Pfc. Jessica Lynch was awarded the Bronze Star, Purple Heart and Prisoner of War medals at Walter Reed Army Medical Center.
Heatley led Atlanta in scoring last season with a team-record 41 goals and 48 assists.
Allied forces have overthrown the government, moved into Saddam Hussein's palaces and started to patrol the streets of the capital.
At least 150 people are scheduled to testify at the hearings next week, with experts and activists lining up on both sides.
Daniels said he doesn't know what Bush will have to say about him at tonight's $2,000-per-person presidential fund-raiser.
Neither immediately said his agency would appeal the decision, but many others following the case said an appeal was likely soon.
Advani said Pakistan should prove its sincerity by handing over suspects wanted by New Delhi for past bombings.
Derrick Todd Lee is helped from a plane in Baton Rouge, Wednesday.
She was very affectionate with them, said Blossom Medley, who also looked after the children.
The appeal came as NATO was preparing to the take command of the 5,000 strong International Security Assistance Force (ISAF) on Monday.
A lawsuit has been filed in an attempt to block the removal of the Ten Commandments monument from the building.
Hernandez filed an Equal Employment Opportunity Commission complaint and sued.
The company will begin adding to Perot Systems' profits immediately, the company said.
The job had been vacant since Richard Purcell left earlier this year.
The Ottoman Dignity will carry the oil to a Turkish refinery on the Aegean coast.
Mitsubishi Tokyo Financial (JP:8306: news, chart, profile) lost 2.6 percent to 444,000 yen.
One of the Oregon species was acclimated to a temperature of 65, but survived until the aquarium temperature reached 87.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX edged down 9 points, or 0.98 percent, to 921.
Bo Hitchcock, Levin's attorney, declined to comment Friday.
The arrests came just days after Israeli troops shot and killed Abdullah Kawasme, the militant group's leader in Hebron.
The state wants to kill the wolves in approximately a 1,700-square-mile area near the village of McGrath.
But when no justice announced a retirement when the court's term ended in June, it was seen as making those efforts moot.
Stanford (46-15) takes on South Carolina today at 11 a.m. in the first game of the College World Series.
He said the attackers left behind leaflets urging workers at the Ishtar Sheraton to stop working at the hotel.
It's not zero, said David Ropeik, director of risk communication at the Harvard Center for Risk Analysis.
Simon shares Tuesday closed up 42 cents, or about 1 percent, at $39.45 on the New York Stock Exchange.
Officials said all three would be charged with conspiracy to commit murder.
We don't need a little bitty tax relief plan.
Civilian reservists also could be sent overseas for jobs such as the reconstruction of Afghanistan and Iraq.
The Nasdaq fell 49.95 points, or 2.86 percent, to end at 1,698.02, based on the latest available data.
The troops - whose mandate is to protect U.N. installations and personnel - can only fire in self-defense and have been unable to stem the violence.
However, the Israeli government argues that changes in Israel’s state-controlled economy are necessary if the state is to compete in the global marketplace.
Chances are, he will see people who year after year pick the same place to sit.
But the bureau never kept tabs on al-Bayoumi—despite receiving prior information he was a secret Saudi agent, the report says.
Attorneys for the Roman Catholic archdiocese and nearly 250 alleged victims began meeting last week to reach an out-of-court settlement.
She first went to a specialist for initial tests last Monday, feeling tired and unwell.
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI ended up 56.79 points, or 0.67 percent, at 8,588.36 -- its highest level since January 17.
Shiite Muslims account for about a third of Quetta's of 1.2 million people.
The Toronto Stock Exchange said it will be business as usual on Friday morning.
Microsoft's share of the low-end server software market has increased since the probe started five years ago, but the firm denied anti-competitive practices were the reason for this.
In addition, 37 per cent of executives who expect to make more money cited reduced costs as the main reason.
Even when the exchange detected such violations, it often failed to take appropriate disciplinary actions against individuals or firms.
Trade deals between manufacturers and grocery retailers or distributors have long been governed by complicated contracts that offer retailers discounts, money for advertising or payments for prominent shelf space.
The witness, a 27-year-old Kosovan parking attendant with criminal convictions for dishonesty, was paid 10,000 by the News of the World.
Gyorgy Heizler, head of the local disaster unit, said the coach was carrying 38 passengers.
Eighty-six seriously wounded U.N. workers were airlifted out for medical care.
Michael Bloomberg, NYC Mayor: I'm gonna try march with a number of different groups.
THE compact disc could be history within five years after scientists invented a replacement the size of a fingertip.
With diplomacy heating up in the nearly 10-month-old nuclear crisis, Chinese Foreign Minister Li Zhaoxing is slated to visit South Korea from August 13 to 15.
Only one third of high-speed trains within France were running, national rail company Societe Nationale des Chemins de Fer said.
He replaces Leland Brendsel, 61, who retired as chairman and chief executive.
Coca-Cola Co.
(KO) reported higher profit for the quarter, helped by European demand, early on Thursday.
There was no immediate evidence that the two incidents were connected, police said.
Energy prices dropped by 8.6 percent, the biggest decline since July 1986.
It has 800 employees, compared with Wells Fargo's 2,400.
Half of the women were given a daily dose of the drug and half took a placebo.
Barclays chief executive Matt Barrett also said he had advised his children never to use credit cards.
The union earlier this week announced tentative agreements with Ford Motor Co., DaimlerChrysler AG's Chrysler Group and supplier Visteon Corp.
Any decision on Charleroi will have huge implications for regional airports in France, he said.
WebTV was sold to Microsoft in 1997 for $425 million and today is called MSN TV.
Investigators were searching his home in Muenster in the presence of his wife when news of his death came, prosecutor Wolfgang Schweer told The Associated Press.
The new department is charged with patrolling borders, analyzing U.S. intelligence, responding to emergencies and guarding against terrorism, among other tasks.
But in Jordan and in the Palestinian Authority, only 1 percent of the Muslim population say they have a favorable opinion of the United States.
After losing as much as 84.56 earlier, the Dow Jones industrial average closed up 22.81, or 0.2 percent, at 9,340.45.
With the exception of March 2003, growth in business activity has been reported by ISM members every month beginning with February 2002, the Arizona-based group said.
The officials did not say whether U.S. forces crossed into Syrian territory and were vague about how the Syrian border guards became involved.
In July 2002, PWC paid $5 million to settle alleged violations of auditor independence rules.
A man, 19-year-old Antowain Johnson, ``tried to go back in and get the rest of them but the smoke wouldn't let him,'' she said.
LendingTree matches borrowers via the Internet with more than 200 mortgage brokers, banks and other lenders.
He or she decides the merchandising direction of the company, or basically what it should stand for.
Without the shuttle fleet, NASA is relying on the Russian space program to rotate crew members on the International Space Station and send new supplies to the orbiting laboratory.
Three new dramas, including one starring The West Wing refugee Rob Lowe, will also be on the schedule, NBC announced yesterday.
In a not-too-subtle swipe at Dean, he predicted Americans would not elect a Democrat who sounds an uncertain trumpet in these dangerous times.
The OpForce product currently works with Solaris, AIX, Red Hat Linux and Windows servers.
The results appear in the January issue of Cancer, an American Cancer Society (news - web sites) journal, being published online Monday.
Turner said he transferred 10 million additional shares to a charitable trust, which also liquidated them.
His plan would cost more than $200 billion annually, which Gephardt would pay for by repealing Bush's tax cuts.
This Wednesday, the 127th anniversary of Custer's defeat, formal recognition is coming to the Indian warriors who prevailed that hot day, June 25, 1876.
The 25 percent hike takes annual UC undergraduate tuition to $4,794 and graduate fees to $5,019.
Palm said on Wednesday it plans to buy Handspring, a company created by renegade Palm co-founder Jeff Hawkins.
No legislative action is final without concurrence of the House, and few were predicting what fate the bill would meet there.
Ten police officers were facing disciplinary action yesterday after they abandoned their night patrol to watch David Blaine.
The Standard & Poor's 500 Index slipped 3.14 points, or 0.29 percent, to 1,071.99.
Officials at Microsoft and Lindon, Utah-based SCO couldn't be immediately reached for comment.
The body had blond hair with dark roots, and was roughly the same height and build as the 5-foot-4 Ms. Aronov, the officials said.
Dolores Mahoy, 68, of Colorado Springs, Colo., is someone who might be helped by the legislation pending in Congress.
Looking to buy the latest Harry Potter?
She had been critically ill since having surgery at Baptist Hospital on May 7 to replace a heart valve.
Drinking caffeinated coffee, you see, may significantly reduce your risk of type 2 diabetes, the most common form of the disease.
State health officials said Monday a young northeast Kansas woman likely has the state's first case of monkeypox among humans or animals.
I am listening to the same things I listened to 17 years ago, Hollings said.
Altria shares fell $1.17 to $42.51 and were the Dow's biggest percent loser.
Eustachy disclosed this week that he is an alcoholic and is seeking treatment.
That would clear the way for debate in the full Senate beginning on Monday.
You can reach George Hunter at (313) 222-2027 or ghunter@detnews.com.
Another Scottsville man, Lucas Goodrum, 21, had been arrested early Sunday.
If successful, it will be the first to bring back a rock sample from an asteroid, Kawaguchi said.
There's a Jeep in my parents' yard right now that's not theirs,'' said Perry, whose parents are vacationing in North Carolina.
They are due to appear in the Brisbane Magistrates Court today.
The other 18 people in the building, including Harrison's ex-girlfriend, were not injured, police spokesman Don Aaron said.
Her lawyer, William Zabel, could not be reached.
For residents with incomes above $500,000, the income-tax rate will increase to 4.45 percent.
Including convertible securities, the total estimated value of the deal is $124 million, according to Corel.
Supporters asked a federal court Monday to block the removal of a Ten Commandments monument from the Alabama Judicial Building.
Hong Kong-based Phoenix TV quoted unnamed experts as saying launch will be between Oct.
10 and 17 and will carry two men.
The cables can be engorged with far more power, and it can be turned on and off like a water spigot, making billing more accurate, Taub said.
The momentum in the marketplace continues to shift in SCO's direction, said Darl McBride, SCO's president and CEO.
During a period of nearly a decade, Telemarketing Associates raised more than $7 million.
Elan would receive an additional $25 million in January if Skelaxin retains patent exclusivity, and get a cut of sales on a sliding scale through 2021.
The DHWG says it will instead create a format that can be used by all devices but can accommodate other formats.
Meanwhile, Lt. Gov. David Dewhurst alluded to an interparty political struggle: Sounds like the Republican primary started early this year.
In Vienna, the IAEA said ElBaradei would accept the invitation, although no date had yet been set.
If the extra equity for the project cannot be found, AMC directors will have to abandon it to avoid trading while AMC is insolvent.
Pete Slover reported from Laredo and Gromer Jeffers from Albuquerque.
The bank booked 820 billion yen in loan-loss charges compared with 1.9 trillion yen a year ago.
On Monday, the number of SARS cases in China passed 5,000, hitting a total of 5,013.
The United States wants the measure passed by June 3, when the oil-for-food program needs to be renewed.
Paul Durousseau, 32, was charged Tuesday with murder in five Jacksonville slayings between December and February, and in a 1997 Georgia killing.
Southwest, the largest U.S. discount airline, said Friday that inspections of its fleet of 385 planes had found no additional items.
European Central Bank President Wim Duisenberg said in a televised interview that it was too soon to discuss further interest rate cuts in the euro zone.
There is only one drug on the market for macular degeneration, and it is approved to treat only one subtype that represents a minority of cases.
Australia was flat, Singapore was down 0.3 percent by midday and South Korea added 0.2 percent.
U.S. Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman, who announced Tuesdays ban, also said Washington would send a technical team to Canada to help.
Sheena Young, a spokesman for Child, the national infertility support network, said the proposed guidelines should lead to a more fair and equitable service for infertility sufferers.
Canada is a small country, and it needs companies like this, deals like this.
He listed LeapFrog Enterprises' LF.N LeapPad books, Hasbro Inc.'s HAS.N Beyblade starter set, and MGA Entertainment's Bratz doll line as toys that were stealing market share.
Stocks have rallied sharply for more than three months in anticipation of a rebound in the second half of the year.
Sources say this decision was a direct result of the decision to release Boudin.
He said the allegations were that certain cereals companies were tipped off to grain prices two hours before they were officially available.
Family and friends of the west Belfast man insist he was in the West Bank on a cultural visit.
The US on Tuesday assembled a coalition of more than a dozen countries to launch a World Trade Organisation case against the European Union's ban on new genetically modified crops.
Iraqi police opened fire in downtown Baghdad today after demonstrators stormed a police station demanding they be given jobs they claimed to have paid bribes for.
In a conference call yesterday, he said, I don't think that my brain is going to go dead this afternoon or next week.
A summary of his remarks says: all the group's savings have been lost to raids and arrests, and JI is totally dependent on al-Qa'ida for money.
For the first time starting Thursday, all four pages of the Constitution will be on view instead of just the first and last pages.
Rumsfeld is awaiting recommendations from his commanders about troop needs in Iraq.
A second victim, Michael Walker, 23, was struck in the torso, the bullet perforating his lung.
At issue is the scholarship program that helps high-achieving students pay for studies in fields such as business or engineering, but not theology.
Charles Cullen, 43, was transferred from the Somerset County Jail in Somerville to the Anne Klein Forensic Center, a 150-bed psychiatric treatment facility in Trenton.
Close behind was India, 14.3 percent, followed by Thailand and the Philippines.
A Tenet spokesman declined to comment Wednesday and a Redding Medical Center official did not return telephone calls seeking comment.
In two weeks, he'll probably send out Peace Rules in the Preakness.
Iraq is selling about 10 million barrels of oil that's currently in storage.
Sabri Yakou, an Iraqi native who is a legal U.S. resident, appeared before a federal magistrate yesterday on charges of violating U.S. arms-control laws.
The Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam suspended peace talks April 21 citing a lack of progress.
The mother also alleged in the lawsuit that she was sexually assaulted by one of the guards.
A U.S. appeals court in New York reinstated perjury charges against a Grossmont College student accused of lying about his knowledge of two of the Sept.
11 hijackers.
They said they also seized several items which might be linked to ritual killing, including an animal's skull with a nail driven through it.
Such a step could put the issue before the UN Security Council.
Iffel was hit with 22 weapons charges and faces up to 87 years in prison if convicted.
The bodies of former Invercargill man Warren Campbell, 32, and climbing companion Jonathan Smith, 47, were recovered from below Mt D'Archiac late yesterday morning.
Cubs manager Dusty Baker sees his slugger struggling.
On Monday, a suicide car bomber blew himself up close to the United Nations compound in Baghdad, also killing a security guard.
It will be a compromise, like the real world requires, he said.
An artist who painted a fake CAUTION Low Flying Planes sign on a building near ground zero said Tuesday that he did not mean to offend anyone.
The hearing, expected to last a week, will determine whether Akbar faces a court-martial.
The bulk of the bill - $64.7 billion - goes for military operations primarily in Iraq and Afghanistan.
Directed by Jonathan Lynn from a script by Elizabeth Hunter and Saladin K. Patterson.
MSN Messenger 6 will be available for download starting at 6 p.m.
GMT on Wednesday from http://messenger.msn.com/download/v6preview.asp.
Janet Racicot heard the thud from the kitchen, where she was getting a glass of water, she said in an interview Tuesday.
The dollar was helped on Friday by talk of yen-selling intervention by Japanese authorities on Thursday and Friday.
A hearing Thursday morning before Judge Elizabeth Long in Fulton County Superior Court marked one of the first steps in deciding the case of Matthew Whitley.
Prosecutors said interviews Peterson gave reporters may have been monitored in case the fertilizer salesman confessed.
Eustachy acknowledged at a news conference Wednesday that he was an alcoholic and was seeking treatment.
In exchange, North Korea would be required to end its nuclear weapons program.
Investigators uncovered a 4-inch bone fragment Thursday night, but authorities said it was from an animal.
The parents of a Briton being held hostage by Colombian rebels spoke yesterday of their optimism that he would be freed in time for his birthday next month.
Finnish Finance Minister Antti Kalliomaki said: There is no room for a softening.
Baz Luhrmann admitted it was a risk, and now the Australian director's Broadway version of La Boheme will close on June 29 after a disappointing seven-month run.
Police Chief Superintendent Jesus Verzosa, who heads the national police intelligence group that had custody of Ghozi, has offered to resign, according to Ebdane.
The Democratic candidates also began announcing their fund-raising totals in advance of the deadline today to file quarterly reports with the Federal Election Commission.
About 130,000 U.S. troops remain in Iraq, with others deployed in Afghanistan, South Korea and elsewhere.
Oh, it's never fun to be No 4, especially if you've been No 1 before.
The Foundation said telephone support would cost $39.95 per incident.
The numbers highlight a conundrum: the difficulty of classifying racial and ethnic categories in an increasingly fluid and multi-ethnic society.
Like Viacom, General Electric is seen as a less enthusiastic bidder compared with Bronfman or Davis.
After Mao's death in 1976, she was tried and sentenced to death, later commuted to life.
He added that those are not solely American principles, nor are they exclusively Western.
Following California's lead, several states and the federal government passed similar or stricter bans.
Like the Power4, the Power5 contains two processor cores on one chip.
At the service Morrill's widow, Ellie, sobbed and hugged Bondeson's sister-in-law as people consoled her.
The American military's task is to provide the security in the meantime.
Justice John Paul Stevens compared the interrogation to an attempt to obtain an involuntary confession from a prisoner by torturous methods.
With the Fourth of July weekend approaching, state parks such as Parvin State Park in Salem County will be open.
The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, the federal agency that runs Medicare, last year began a similar effort for nursing homes.
U.S. President George W. Bush said he's appointed Paul (Jerry) Bremer, a security and counter-terrorism expert, as presidential envoy to Iraq.
Half the women received a daily tablet of the combination oestrogen plus progestin while the rest were given a placebo.
The House has passed prescription-drug legislation in the last two sessions, but the Senate has failed to do so.
U.S. District Judge Edward W. Nottingham in Denver denied an FTC request to suspend his decision while the agency appeals.
U.S. and European leaders pledged on Wednesday to work together to keep Iran from developing nuclear weapons, presenting a united front after months of bitter acrimony over Iraq.
Barry Callebaut will be able to use Brach's retail network to sell products made from its German subsidiary Stollwerck, which makes chocolate products not sold in the United States.
The virus spreads when unsuspecting computer users open file attachments in emails that contain familiar headings like Thank You! and Re: Details.
The suspected militants ambushed the convoy near the town of Spinboldak, U.S. military spokesman Lt. Col. Douglas Lefforge said Sunday, a day after the attack.
But they did not, as of the time of this particular tragic event, provide the security we had requested, Mr Jordan said.
When Biggs's body was found, authorities had no leads until four months later, when a tipster said Mallard talked about the incident at a party.
Michael Hill, a Sun reporter who is a member of the Washington-Baltimore Newspaper Guild's bargaining committee, estimated meetings to last late Sunday.
Tuition at four-year private colleges averaged $19,710 this year, up 6 percent from 2002.
BP shares slipped 0.8 percent to 433.50 pence ($6.85) each in afternoon trading on the London Stock Exchange.
Forward pricing: Law that states mutual fund shares bought after 4 p.m.
ET are priced at the next day's closing net asset value.
We make no apologies for finding every legal way possible to protect the American public from further terrorist attack, said Barbara Comstock, Justice Department spokeswoman.
Under the agreement, Solutia will pay $50 million and Monsanto will pay $390 million.
The mother also contended that she was sexually assaulted by one of the guards during the 1998 confrontation.
A poll released this week showed that the FBI bugging of the mayor has given a boost to his re-election effort.
Kathy Nicolo (Jennifer Connelly) is desperate that her family not find out that her life has fallen apart.
Sweeney was to outline plans for the campaign in a speech on Saturday night at the annual meeting of the American Political Science Association.
Medical experts said Blair's problem was worrying but relatively common and easily manageable.
Oracle's $19.50-a-share bid comes two days after PeopleSoft added cash to its original all-share deal with smaller rival J.D. Edwards & Co.
JDEC.O .
The report released Monday simply says, This report does not attempt to address the complexities of this issue.
The company posted a net loss of $185 million, or 54 cents per share, in the year-earlier period, it said in a statement Wednesday.
The 39-year-old Luster initially gave police a false name, but later revealed his true identity.
Dixon put his style on display Sunday afternoon in winning the Honda Indy 225 at Pikes Peak International Raceway.
The most common side effects after getting the nasal spray were nasal congestion, runny nose, sore throat and cough.
For the full 12-month period ending June 30, 2003, advanced services lines for ADSL increased by 37 percent and cable modem connections increased by 75 percent.
MDC spokesperson Paul Themba Nyathi said the Avenues Clinic was targeted because it was handling opposition supporters.
Mr. Nicolas is an uncle of Abner Louima, who was tortured by New York City police officers in 1997.
Some 175 million shares traded on the Big Board, a 7 percent increase from the same time a week ago.
The energy task force evaluated regions of the world that are vital to global energy supply, the statement said.
Andrew Sugden, an evolutionary biology expert and the international managing editor of Science, described the find as a milestone.
She survives him as do their four children -- sons Anthony and Kelly, daughters Linda Hope and Nora Somers -- and four grandchildren.
And Thursday, a former Intel exec blasted wireless as too insecure, too complicated, and too difficult to install.
The group said it is not taking a position on whether Davis should be recalled and will not endorse a replacement candidate.
Smith, who faces a maximum 40 years in prison if convicted, is free on $250,000 bond.
About 1,500 police will be deployed for the visit.
The school had argued that it violated the state's neutrality in religion.
A senior air force official and a member of parliament were also on board, state radio report said.
Five Big East schools, Connecticut, Pittsburgh, Rutgers, Virginia Tech and West Virginia, filed the lawsuit June 6.
Early Wednesday, the benchmark 10-year US10YT=RR had lost 16/32 in price, driving its yield up to 3.33 percent from 3.26 percent late Tuesday.
The answer is clearly yes, said Dr. Larry Norton, deputy physician-in- chief for breast cancer programs at Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center.
Later this year, the command will send trainers with soldiers from four North African nations on patrolling and intelligence gathering missions.
Michael Schiavo has argued that his wife never wanted to be kept alive artificially.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC rose 17.26 points, or 1.06 percent, to 1,640.06, based on the latest data.
He crawled through a narrow, winding canyon, rappelled down a 60-foot cliff, and walked some six miles down the canyon near Canyonlands National Park in southeastern Utah.
Nordstrom also is expanding its play area in the children’s clothes area, adding salt-water fish tanks and activities for children while their parents shop.
Retail pricing for SMS 2003 with 10 device client access licenses is $1,219.
The settling companies would also assign their possible claims against the underwriters to the investor plaintiffs, he added.
The merged company will keep the Interwoven name and be headquartered in Sunnyvale.
The benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR rose 11/32 for a yield of 3.25 percent.
District Superintendent J. Chester Floyd told reporters Monday that McCrackin will be reassigned within the district.
In 1999 a California legislator proposed a law requiring driving tests for those over the age of 75 who sought to renew their licenses.
This left the Eurotop 300 benchmark about six points off its highest level since January 17 -- hit earlier in the session.
Canadian investigators slaughtered more than 2,000 cows but were not able to find evidence of any other infected animals.
What this allows us to do is have a crossover that is much more fuel- efficient, aimed at young families, Mr. Cowger said.
Prior to completion, CCG said it will also extract surplus cash of $27 million to reduce net borrowings.
In relation to the second paper, one part of that should have been sourced to a reference work.
Netanyahu and his advisers say the changes are necessary to permit Israel to compete successfully in the global marketplace and attract investment.
The company said it now expects second-quarter earnings of 68 cents and 72 cents a share, down from its prior outlook of 77 cents to 82 cents.
The single currency rose as far as 135.26 yen , its highest level since the introduction of the single currency in January 1999.
I do not wish to be present during this witness, he told Stanislaus County Superior Court Judge Al Girolami.
Iraqi doctors who treated former prisoner of war Jessica Lynch dismissed on Friday claims made in her biography that she was raped by her Iraqi captors.
Several current and former ferry officers have said the rules were routinely ignored and seldom enforced.
U.S. troops encountered no resistance during the five-hour sweep near Tikrit, Saddam Hussein's hometown and the center of a region of Baath Party supporters.
SCO changed its name to Tarantella, and Caldera later changed its name to the SCO Group.
Any payment to investors will be delayed, potentially for years, until the securities lawsuits against the brokerage firms are resolved.
Hoy confirmed the woman's age Tuesday and said she has left on vacation with her family.
AirTran officials and a Boeing official declined to comment yesterday.
From July 1, 2002, to June 30, 2003, the organization said it spent $114.3 million but took in only $39.5 million.
Sheena Young of Child, the national infertility support network, hoped the guidelines would lead to a more fair and equitable service for infertility sufferers.
The Securities and Exchange Commission filed a civil fraud suit against the teen in Boston.
Dowdell was transported to Boston Medical Center with nonlife-threatening injuries.
In Hong Kong, 24 patients were quarantined Wednesday after seven public hospital workers developed flu-like symptoms.
I think we are at a seminal moment in the history of this agency, he said.
The male eagle was found by a zookeeper early Thursday, suffering from severe puncture wounds in his abdomen.
Reuters witnesses said many houses had been flattened and the city squares were packed with crying children and the homeless, huddled in blankets to protect them from the cold.
Chinese language Web portals also support 3721 keywords, the Web site said.
Magnarelli said Racicot hated the Iraqi regime and looked forward to using his long years of training in the war.
Ryan Harvey, a high school outfielder from Florida, was chosen sixth by the Cubs.
ATA shares were down $1.85 at $8.07 on the Nasdaq Stock Market in Tuesday afternoon trading.
The Cleveland Cavaliers won the right to draft James by winning the NBA's annual lottery Thursday night.
September and third quarter data confirm that demand in the global semiconductor market is rising briskly, stated SIA President George Scalise, in a statement.
None of Deans opponents picked him as someone to party with, nor was Dean asked that question.
In New York, $7,646 is spent annually on each Medicaid recipient, almost double the national average of $3,936.
The Syrian government has had no public reaction to the clash.
It also offers a built-in NAND flash boot loader so that high-density NAND flash memory can be used without having to install an additional support chip.
They said he would be open to letting that license go to the city of Chicago.
The total for the Johnny Depp swashbuckler rose to $232.8 million.
Several thousand 3rd Infantry troops, including the 3rd Brigade Combat Team based at Fort Benning in Columbus, began returning last week.
Gordon stressed that his bill is a lesson-learned bill and not a reflection on Admiral Gehman's handling of the Columbia investigation.
Wal-Mart, the nation's largest private employer, has expanded its antidiscrimination policy to protect gay and lesbian employees, company officials said Tuesday.
North American stock markets got off to a slow start Tuesday, with investors ready to get their first taste of quarterly earnings.
The government recently shelved peace talks being brokered by neighbouring Malaysia after a spate of attacks on Mindanao, including three deadly bombings, that it blamed on the MILF.
Kroc ranked No. 121 on Forbes magazine's latest list of the nation's wealthiest people, with an estimated net worth of $1.7 billion.
Above that, Medicare would pay 90 percent of all drug costs.
There was some counterpunching out there, Manager Lloyd McClendon said.
Blair's office said his Foreign Secretary Jack Straw would take his place on Monday to give a statement to parliament on the EU meeting the prime minister attended last week.
Its shares jumped to $54.50 in pre-open trading from $50.90 at Wednesday's close.
I go to their website and start complaining to them, would you please, please, please stop bothering me, Mr. Booher told a reporter.
He had also said on the eve of Monday's talks that an interest rate cut by the European Central Bank, which meets on Thursday, would be welcome.
Messagelabs, which runs outsourced e-mail servers for 700,000 customers around the world, has labeled the worm high risk and reports more than 31,000 infections in 120 countries.
An injured woman co-worker also was hospitalized and was listed in good condition.
In midafternoon trading, the Nasdaq composite index was up 8.34, or 0.5 percent, to 1,790.47.
Air Canada, the largest airline in Canada and No. 11 in the world, has been under court protection from creditors since April 1.
In a telephone interview, Don Asper called the attack bothersome, before he and his wife contacted the firm's web site provider to have the vandalised page replaced.
I thought things went a bit overboard but I prefer to leave it on the field, Sarwan said.
Sir John has also told his officers that information from British intelligence indicates there are more al-Qa'eda agents in Britain than previously thought.
It is for that reason that legal scholars said the Denver ruling is at least plausible.
Team President Ken Sawyer said yesterday that Lemieux has not spoken to him about selling his interest in the Penguins or about playing for another team.
The decision was among the most significant steps toward deregulation undertaken during the Bush administration.
While many likely now will quit – as millions of women already have – Soltes said she likely will continue to prescribe the supplements for relief of change-of-life symptoms.
At the center of the petition is a 6000 series aluminum alloy rolled plate that is used for general-purpose engineering, tooling and die applications.
Simply put, shy invividuals tend to be more timid with new people and situations.
A total of 32 U.S. soldiers have been killed in attacks since May 1, when President Bush declared the end of major hostilities in Iraq.
Kerry was viewed favorably by 66 percent of those polled; Dean at 57 percent.
Hoy confirmed the woman's age Tuesday and said she was on vacation with her family, but is expected to return this week.
A passer-by found the boy hiding along a dirt road in Spanish Fork Canyon about 7 p.m.
Thursday, with his feet free but his hands still taped.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC rose 6 points, or 0.41 percent, to 1,498.
All of a sudden, its like a bullet went through them its like a state of shock.
Enron company executives engaged in widespread and pervasive fraud to manipulate the company's earnings results, Buell said.
It wants to force him to return his allegedly ill-gotten gains, with interest, and pay penalties.
The companies said it was not our intention to target or offend any group or persons or to incite hatred or violence.
Despite generic competition for acne drug Accutane, flagship drug sales rose 21 percent excluding exchange rate swings and nine percent in francs to 10.31 billion.
Although Prempro pills were used in the study, the researchers said they had no evidence that other brands were safer.
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR lost 16/32, taking its yield to 4.20 percent from 4.18 percent.
The largest gains were seen in prices, new orders, inventories and exports.
For one thing, it says, 'Come on, it's working,'  said Don Marti, editor in chief of the Linux Journal.
Chiron and Aventis Pasteur together made about 80 million doses, ordinarily enough for U.S. demand, The Associated Press reported.
Operating income rose 26 percent to $570 million from $452 million in the same period a year ago.
In the first hour of trading, the Dow Jones industrial average was up 34 points to 9,107, while the Nasdaq composite index rose 2 points to 1,612.
We believe the long-term prospects for the energy sector in the UK remain attractive, Goldman said.
He said he thought he had hit a dog or a cat, or someone had thrown a rock at his car, the police said.
The discovery was published yesterday in the New England Journal of Medicine.
Its shares fell 71 cents, or 3.5 percent, in after-hours trading to $19.55.
He told The Sun newspaper that Mr. Hussein's daughters had British schools and hospitals in mind when they decided to ask for asylum.
They cover more than 300,000 UAW workers and 500,000 retirees and spouses.
It represents an important opportunity to put a halt to a national effort aimed at removing any religious phrase or reference from our culture.
And his justification for the bombing was that while it caused short-term material damage, it was for the long-term moral good of Bali.
Bremer said one initiative is to launch a US$70 million nationwide program in the next two weeks to clean up neighborhoods and build community projects.
United is continuing to deliver major cost reductions and is now coupling that effort with significant unit revenue improvement, he said.
The December decision by the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals upheld California's law banning certain assault weapons and revived the national gun-ownership debate.
U.S. stocks rose slightly on feather-light volume on Friday, as Wall Street regrouped after the biggest-ever power outage in North America.
The verdict means Nelson faces up to 10 years in prison rather than a possible life sentence.
As part of a 2001 agreement to extradite them from Canada, prosecutors agreed not to seek the death penalty.
Georgia's median household income dropped about 0.9 percent to $43,096 -- a $408 dip.
We're a quiet, peaceful town of 862 people and nothing ever happens, said Carolyn Greene Bennett, Cedar Grove's town recorder.
At midday Monday, the 10-year note US10YT=RR had slipped 12/32 in price giving a yield of 3.16 percent from 3.12 percent.
Klitschko said: I'm excited to box in Los Angeles first and then against Lennox Lewis.
That compared with $35.18 million, or 24 cents per share, in the year-ago period.
The worm attacks Windows computers via a hole in the operating system, which Microsoft warned of 16 July.
The defeat for suspended Alabama Chief Justice Roy Moore was expected.
MSNBC.com first reported the CIA request on Friday.
The new effort, Taxpayers Against the Recall, will be formally launched today outside a Sacramento fire station.
The proposal also may help Bloomfield Hills-based Taubman Centers Inc. fend off a takeover from Indianapoils-based shopping mall operator Simon Property Group Inc.
In his first trip to sub-Saharan Africa as president, Mr. Bush will visit Senegal, South Africa, Botswana, Uganda and Nigeria before returning home on Saturday.
Byrd, speaking from the Senate floor, said he questioned the motives of a deskbound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for purposes of a speech.
Coke's unit case volume, a key measure of financial health in the beverage sector, grew 5 percent in the quarter.
PeopleSoft's management's entrenchment tactics continue to destroy the value of the company for its shareholders, Oracle spokeswoman Jennifer Glass said Tuesday.
The coalition passed some of the world's most progressive social legislation, legalising gay marriage and euthanasia.
The appeals court has generally proved a favorable venue for Microsoft.
The elderly and those with weakened immune systems are also urged to protect against mosquito bites.
For those who got surgery alone, median survival was 41 months.
Spot gold was quoted at $358.65/359.15 an ounce at 0500 GMT, having darted as high as $359.25 -- a level not seen since February 25.
She looked at her son-in-law and his relatives at times, but the two sides did not exchange words.
The project already has more than 5,000 members committed to relocating to the free state.
It said FirstEnergy determined that a contractor had established an unprotected computer connection to its corporate network that allowed the so-called ``Slammer'' worm to spread internally.
Environmental campaigners are using this weekend’s lunar eclipse to highlight the huge increase in light pollution across the UK.
The name for the robot, due to be launched at 2:05 p.m.
(7:05 p.m.) on Sunday, was selected from among 10,000 names submitted by U.S.
The Senate motion also called on Prime Minister John Howard to hold a royal commission into child sex abuse.
On Sunday, a U.S. soldier was killed and another injured when a munitions dump they were guarding exploded in southern Iraq.
The Tuesday Supreme Court announcement stems from an appeal involving Michael Newdow, a California atheist whose 9-year-old daughter, like most elementary schoolchildren, hears the pledge recited daily.
Joining him in the majority opinion were Justices Sandra Day O'Connor, David H. Souter, Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Stephen G. Breyer.
The dollar gained against the euro, yen and Swiss franc after September U.S. retail sales figures came in slightly weaker than consensus forecasts.
In February 2000, the officers — Kenneth Boss, Sean Carroll, Edward McMellon and Richard Murphy — were acquitted of all charges in the killing.
After that process is completed, it will take an additional six to eight months to refurbish the center, Day said.
He admits that the law has several weaknesses which terrorists could exploit, undermining our defenses.
Shares of Guidant plummeted in trading both on and off the New York Stock Exchange before a news halt was imposed after midday.
Their leader, Abu Bakr al-Azdi, turned himself in in June; his deputy was killed in a recent shootout with Saudi forces.
Since early May, the city has received 1,400 reports, he said.
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI fell 79.43 points, or 0.86 percent, to 9,117.12 on Friday.
Teen-agers at high schools where condoms are available are no more likely to have sex than other teens, a study says.
Police using pepper spray arrested 12 people Monday night at a march and rally by about 400 activists protesting an annual training seminar of the Law Enforcement Intelligence Unit.
The sentence reflects the seriousness with which our office and the courts views these crimes, Spitzer said in a statement.
It aims to end 31 months of violence in which at least 2,034 Palestinians and 737 Israelis have been killed.
Wi-Fi will continue to grow: The number of public Wi-Fi hot spots will grow from the current 50,000, to 85,000 by the end of the year, IDC said.
They remain 40 percent below the levels prior to February's initial overstatement news.
FBI agents arrested a former partner of Big Four accounting firm Ernst & Young ERNY.UL on criminal charges of obstructing federal investigations, U.S. officials said on Thursday.
Mr Abbas said: Every day without an agreement is an opportunity that was lost.
One study found that combination therapy doubled the risk of probable dementia and did not prevent less-severe mental decline.
The association said 28.2 million DVDs were rented in the week that ended June 15, compared with 27.3 million VHS cassettes.
Analysts had expected 53 cents a share, according to research firm Thomson First Call.
Gasps could be heard as the photo was projected onto the screen.
Wexford had agreed to assume about $90 million in debt to buy the planes and certificate.
If you're over here thinking this problem has been blown out of proportion by the media, you are wrong.
Close co-operation between our law enforcement agencies, close co-operation between our intelligence services lie at the heart of the ongoing fight against terrorism.
In fact, Fatima Haque's prom tonight had practically everything one might expect on one of a teenage girl's most important nights.
Of those three, only Dillard's responded to the survey that ranked 45 large companies on employment, marketing, procurement, community reinvestment and charitable donations.
The European Commission, the EU's antitrust enforcer, is expected to issue its decision next spring — unless a settlement is reached.
Analysts have estimated that Vivendi Uni could fetch $12 billion-$14 billion for VUE.
HCA Inc. , the largest U.S. hospital chain, dropped $2.21, or 5.8 percent, to $36.14.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX crept up 4.3 points, or 0.44 percent, to 980.52.
And I really liked him, and I still do.
We will accede to the request while we explore all of our options, said Russell Lewis, executive vice president of VeriSign's Naming and Directory Services Group.
BOCHK chief executive Liu Jinbao was transferred abruptly to Beijing last month.
Bennett told Newsweek that over 10 years, I'd say I've come out pretty close to even.
Bryant previously said that hike had a greater impact on demand than officials expected.
Still, officials said it will take several more months of testing to determine whether the anthrax spores have been successfully killed.
Prosecutors could not be reached for comment after the legal papers were obtained late Monday afternoon.
France, which infuriated Washington by leading the charge against U.N. approval for the war, also sought changes.
But the plan was abandoned as some in the group were uncomfortable the victims would be schoolchildren.
MTA officials appropriated the surplus money to later years' budgets without notifying riders or the MTA board members when the 50-cent hike was being considered, he said.
I never organised a youth camp for the diocese of Bendigo.
Captain Robert Ramsey of the US 1st Armoured Division said a truck had exploded outside the building about 11am, and that one of the compound's outer walls had collapsed.
Taher, acting against his attorney's advice, became the fifth member of a group of six Yemeni-Americans to enter a plea agreement with the government in the case.
It is in the hands of Mr Newton as a US space agency (Nasa) astronaut once put it.
The Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC dipped 8.59 points, or 0.48 percent, to 1,773.54.
Convicted child molester Brian DeVries spoke out in response to community outrage Wednesday afternoon after registering as a sex offender at the Soledad Police Department.
The results appear in the January issue of Cancer, an American Cancer Society journal, being published online today.
Two years later, the insurance coverage would begin.
On Monday, Christian Ganczarski was apprehended at the airport and was to appear before an anti-terrorism judge in the coming days, the officials said on condition of anonymity.
But I would rather be talking about high standards than low standards.
Thirty-eight percent of cancer patients in five urban clinics believed the myth that the disease spreads when exposed to air during surgery, according to a survey.
President Bush signed a waiver exempting 22 countries because they had signed but not yet ratified immunity agreements.
Lucent's stock was off 7 cents, or 3.7 percent, at $1.84 in morning trading on the New York Stock Exchange.
The Standard & Poor's 500 index advanced 6.48, or 0.7 per cent, to 990.51.
Mr. Marshall demonstrated a preference for results over rhetoric in preparing the Civil Rights Act.
She was crying and she was really scared, said Yasin.
It would be completely irresponsible to reverse course and kill country-of-origin labeling, said Daschle.
One of the shooting victims died, according to Webster Police Chief Gerald Pickering.
The panel said some of NASA's cameras were obsolete and others no longer have a good view, because of civilian buildings built near them.
Grassley and Baucus said they had rejected that approach in their plan.
Of the 24 directors who are not exchange executives, half are representatives of the securities industry and half are designated public members.
This is America, my friends, and it should not happen here.
Shares of Cellegy plunged $1.99 to $3.23 Monday on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
The µGuru microcontroller serves four functions: hardware monitoring, overclocking management, BIOS update and a troubleshooting-assistance feature called Black Box.
The Justice Department filed a civil rights lawsuit Thursday against the state of Mississippi, alleging abuse of juvenile offenders at two state-run facilities.
During 2001 and 2002, Morgenthau said, wire transfers from just four of Beacon Hill's 40 accounts totaled more than $3.2 billion.
The Institute for Supply Management said its index of non-manufacturing activity rose to 50.7 from 47.9 in March.
The British ambassador to the United Nations, Sir Jeremy Greenstock, is scheduled to lead a Security Council Mission to the region in mid-May.
Mr Estrada, who is in prison, has denied any involvement in the mutiny.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index added 8.27 points, or 0.51 percent, to 1,633.53.
A pro-independence radical, Miodrag Zivkovic, of the Liberal Alliance, came in second with 31 percent of the vote.
Overall, students are most likely to be taught by a 15-year veteran with a growing workload and slightly eroding interest in staying in teaching, the work-force portrait shows.
The deal with the Carmel-based insurer is expected to close shortly, said Macklowe spokesman Howard J. Rubenstein.
A US programmer has developed a software tool that allows users to download shared music files using Apples Windows iTunes software, which was released last month.
According to an arrest warrant, Bryant, 24, attacked a woman on June 30.
The Opposition Leader, Simon Crean, said John Howard had been forced to make changes by the incompetence of his ministers.
One, from a former CIBC executive, described the returns earned by the bank on its Enron deals as outrageous.
Hollywood actor Robert De Niro has been diagnosed with prostate cancer, his spokesman said today.
Peck, who was 87, died peacefully at his Los Angeles home last Thursday with his French-born wife of 48 years, Veronique, at his side.
He also left out any reference to amending the constitution to guarantee private property rights.
The findings are published in the July 1st issue of the Annals of Internal Medicine.
Djerejian said that in the last month Syria has taken steps in response to the pressure, such as relocating the militant group offices out of Damascus.
The International Committee of the Red Cross, fearful for the safety of its staff operating in Iraq, announced it was temporarily shutting its offices in Baghdad and Basra.
Health Minister Peter Coleman said about 300 people had been killed and 1,000 wounded in the past few days.
United already has paid the city $34 million in penalties for missing the first round of employment targets.
According to market research from The NPD Group, the number of people downloading music dropped from 14.5 million in April to 10.4 million in June.
A total of 17 confirmed cases of cholera were reported yesterday by the World Health Organisation in the southern Iraqi city of Basra.
Sony's portfolio gives subscribers a variety of personalized services including the ability to download and experience images, ring tones, music videos and other music entertainment services.
In January, it accused Russia of annexing the region and appealed to the U.N. Security Council to assume effective leadership over the peace process.
Germany said most of the passengers were from the northern states of Lower Saxony and Schleswig-Holstein.
We don't have new places to check, said Steve Anderson, a Waco public-information officer.
The nation's largest retailer has told its 100 top suppliers they have to start using electronic tags on all pallets of goods by Jan.
25, 2005.
Taiwan reported 65 new cases on May 22, a one-day record, and 55 new cases on May 23, making its epidemic the world's fastest-growing.
Retailers J.C. Penney Co.
Inc.
JCP.N and Walgreen Co.
WAG.N kick things off on Monday.
It has also been revealed the boy's family filed two other abuse-related lawsuits in the past, winning a $165,000 settlement in one case.
Three such vigilante-style attacks forced the hacker organizer, who identified himself only as Eleonora[67], to extend the contest until 7 p.m.
EST Sunday.
Bishop Thomas O'Brien, 67, was booked on a charge of leaving the scene of a fatal accident.
As part of a restructuring Peregrine sold its Remedy help desk software unit last year to BMC Software Inc.
Fighting continued until midnight, western rebel commander Ousmane Coulibaly told Reuters by satellite phone on Sunday.
IT is the only vehicle on which established economies will be able to compete, Barrett said.
Get it all out, says Howard Davidowitz, chairman of Davidowitz & Associates, a national retail consulting firm based in New York City.
A Competition Commission inquiry last month has already excluded larger rivals Tesco, Asda and J Sainsbury from the bid race.
Shiites make up 20 percent of the country's population.
The new WPAN standard uses the 2.4 GHz unlicensed frequency band and specifies raw data rates of 11, 22, 33, 44 and 55Mbit/s.
The diocese reached a settlement in 2001 involving five priests and 26 plaintiffs for an undisclosed sum.
The time was about 4 a.m. on March 18, just hours before the first pinpoint missiles rained down on the capital.
House Democrats renewed their push Wednesday for a deeper investigation into the handling of intelligence on Iraq's weapons program.
Britain has said it wants to haggle over articles of the draft calling for closer coordination of tax and economic policy.
It will theoretically be able to transfer data at a rate of up to 20 megabytes per second under optimal conditions, according to Sony.
Kansas Department of Health and Environment records show there were 88 abortions performed on girls age 14 and younger last year.
Another $100-million in savings will come from management layoffs and pay cuts.
The current plan is to release videotapes of the sessions on Friday, after the review, said Jim Landale, a tribunal spokesman.
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI added 47.9 points, or 0.52 percent, to 9,174.35.
Falconer will hold on, for now, to the Lord Chancellor's Great Seal, used to sign off instructions from the sovereign.
A spokesman for the U.S. Attorney's Office in Atlanta also refused to comment.
Still, Mr. Weill will remain very much a power at the company.
Referring to a Muslim fighter in Somalia, Boykin said that my God was bigger than his.
Yesterday, Mr. Cuomo's lawyer, Harriet Newman Cohen, read a statement over the phone: Mr. Cuomo was betrayed and saddened by his wife's conduct during their marriage.
Terri Schiavo, 39, is expected to die sometime in the next two weeks in the Tampa-area hospice where she has spent the past several years.
She appeared in federal court Wednesday, but did not enter a plea.
Between 1993 and 2002, 142 allegations of sexual assault were reported.
The American Roman Catholic archdiocese of Boston has offered $55 million to settle more than 500 sex abuse lawsuits involving priests.
He said that in early December, immigration inspectors at Hartsfield will be able to match the fingerprints to the federal government's computerized watch lists.
It's probably not the easiest time to take over the shuttle program, he added, but I look forward to the challenge.
Many women complain that they become more forgetful after menopause, and some doctors have come to believe the hormonal changes brought on by menopause are the reason.
Terri Schiavo, 39, suffered severe brain damage following a heart attack 13 years ago.
Strong spokeswoman Stephanie Truog said, We are in the process of a thorough internal review with the assistance of outside professionals.
The tech-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC eased 5.16 points, or 0.32 percent, at 1,590.75, breaking a six-day string of gains.
IBM (NYSE: IBM) was the fastest-growing vendor, with sales jumping 37 percent to 220,000 units.
That beat the company's April earnings forecast of 8 to 9 cents a share.
The casting was a big key, says John Shaw of box office firm Movieline International.
Volume was moderate at 827.68 million shares, up from 798.95 million at the same point Tuesday.
Mr. Parsons has been director of the Stennis Center, which specializes in rocket engine research and testing, since August.
HCA Inc. (nyse: HCA - news - people), the largest U.S. hospital chain, dropped $1.21, or 3.2 percent, to $37.14.
Since March 11, when the market's major indexes were at their lowest levels since hitting multi-year lows in October, the Nasdaq has barreled back 21.2 percent.
Mr. Abplanalp used plastic in a model that could be mass produced, lowering the price per valve, to 2 1/2 cents from 15 cents.
The $85 million agreement was reached in September, less than two months after Archbishop Sean O'Malley took over as leader of the nation's fourth-largest diocese.
The letter stated that a premature stillborn baby was placed on the bed in a blanket.
The result is an overall package that will provide a significant economic growth for our employees over the next few years, he said.
We are aware of the situation, said Assistant US Attorney Todd Greenberg, a counter-terrorism prosecutor in Seattle.
A Merrill Lynch spokesman said we are pleased with the judge's decision.
Ironically, Cablevision will be footing the bill for YES' lawsuit against Time Warner Cable.
Cruz tried to fight off officers and was hospitalized after a police dog bit him, Sgt. Steve Dixon said.
He worked out how to get through the bone with his ``multi-tool''-type knife, made duller by futile attempts to chip away at the rock.
He failed a field sobriety test and a blood-alcohol test produced a reading of 0.18 – well above Tennessee's level of presumed intoxication of 0.10, the report said.
The subject was scarcely mentioned in his campaign, or in the national security strategy that is his administration's bible.
As he sat down to hear the indictment, Samudra looked over to his nine lawyers and shouted Takbir!, or Proclaim!, a religious rallying cry.
Rowland was making an appearance at a holiday party for families of Connecticut National Guard soldiers assigned to duty in Iraq and Afghanistan.
Los Angeles- The deep-sea adventure Finding Nemo hooked the top spot at the box office yesterday with an estimated $70.6-million opening weekend.
At first, the animals’ performance declined compared to the sessions on the joystick.
It would be especially cumbersome for restaurants that change their menus daily, she said.
Shalom said there was also a possibility that the president will come to this area.
Mr Berlusconi is accused of bribing judges to influence the sale of the state-controlled SME food company in 1985.
They underwent more tests over the weekend, and are now warded at Raffles Hospital.
The two forms account for about 30 percent of the approximately 7 million immigration benefits applications received annually, immigration officials said.
Representatives of abuse victims were dismayed by the development.
Riva had recently helped his son, Frank Riva Jr., get into a construction workers' union and land a job.
Fasting glucose, used to measure diabetes risk, was 142 on average for those given usual care compared to 129 in the group given special treatment.
In afternoon trading, Aspen's shares were off 89 cents or more than 27 percent at $2.33 per share.
Nextel Partners Inc. (nasdaq: NXTP - news - people), which provides wireless phone service, fell 45 cents, or 7.5 percent, to $5.55.
In recent years, Hampton kept in touch with friends and stayed in trouble: He faced charges of fare-beating and credit card theft.
Mr Eddington described Monday's talks with union leaders as sensible.
Estonia's place in the European mainstream and safeguard its independence regained in 1991.
McCabe said he was considered a witness, not a suspect.
We have found the smoking gun, board member Scott Hubbard said.
In May 2002, Malikah Alkebulan and Deirdre Small filed a federal lawsuit in Brooklyn for more than $20 million in damages after the MTA objected to their headdresses.
Sen. John Rockefeller, D-W.Va., said that provision of the Senate bill undermined a basic tenet of Medicare.
One third of high-speed trains within France will run, national railway company Societe Nationale des Chemins de Fer estimates.
The US will take on Canada in the third-place play-off in Carson on Saturday.
The 5,000 members have already pledged to relocate to the selected state, Free State Project organizers say.
We started our investigation of the child porn ring last year in August and soon realized that it was a big thing, Mr. Beer said.
The battles marked day four of a U.S. sweep to hunt down supporters of Saddam Hussein's fallen regime.
The top rate will go to 4.45 percent for all residents with taxable incomes above $500,000.
Shares of USA Interactive rose $2.28, or 7 percent, to $34.96 on Friday in Nasdaq Stock Market composite trading and have gained 53 percent this year.
The U.N. nuclear watchdog reprimanded Iran on Thursday for failing to comply with its nuclear safeguards obligations and called on Tehran to unconditionally accept stricter inspections by the agency.
Analysts expected earnings of 27 cents a share on revenue of $17.7 billion, Thomson First Call says.
Spring has arrived in Estonia -- we're back in Europe, Prime Minister Juhan Parts told a news conference on Sunday.
That obligation to pay rent continues unabated notwithstanding the heinous attacks of 11 September, the suit says.
Mike Austreng, the editor of the weekly Cold Spring Record, said he saw one wounded person airlifted from the school and another taken away by ambulance.
The bank's shares fell 45 cents in trading yesterday to $91.51 per share.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC inched down 1 point, or 0.11 percent, to 1,650.
Agriculture Secretary Luis Lorenzo told Reuters there was no damage to the vital rice crop as harvesting had just finished.
Beagle 2 is attached to Mars Express by what is known as a Spin-Up and Ejection Mechanism (Suem).
Galveston County District Attorney Kurt Sistrunk said his office received the recordings this week.
He was on a hiking trip that day with a church group.
The only thing that I know for certain is that these are bad people, Bush told a joint news conference with Blair.
We intend to provide them with choices to help them run Linux in a legal and fully-paid for way.
U.S. forces recently apprehended some 40 suspected foreign militants near the Syrian border and are now interrogating them.
The company said it would cut the wholesale price of most top-line CDs to $9.09 from $12.02.
The company will be able to start recording profits from HPS immediately, Perot Systems spokeswoman Mindy Brown said.
Aventis, based in Strasbourg, France, is one of the leading producers of the vaccine and one of a handful of companies that still make it.
The court's three-judge tribunal was expected to give its verdict next February.
We cannot, and will not, allow anything of the kind.
The Nasdaq had a weekly gain of 17.27, or 1.2 percent, closing at 1,520.15 after gaining 30.46 yesterday.
The clear message is it should not be used to prevent cardiovascular disease, Manson said.
The son of circus trapeze artists turned vaudevillians, O'Connor was carried onstage for applause when he was 3 days old.
They did not read footnotes in a 90-page document, said the official, referring to the section that contained the State Department's dissent.
No team has overcome a 3-1 deficit in the NBA Finals, and the New Jersey Nets don't want to try their luck at it.
An estimated $250,000 worth of jewelry belonging to the hip-hop performer was recovered Friday at Kennedy Airport, where it had disappeared June 20.
On Wednesday, at 7.51pm, Mars will be the closest to Earth it has been for 59,619 years.
The park service purchased the land from the estate of Samuel Mills Damon for $22 million.
Taupo was guiding her owner Paul Kibblewhite, 62, on a three-day walk with a tramping party of eight.
In that case, the court held that the city of Cincinnati had violated the First Amendment in banning, in the interest of aesthetics, only the advertising pamphlets.
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR dipped 14/32 for a yield of 4.26 percent from 4.23 percent.
The dollar pushed as high as $1.1115 to the euro in early trade, extending Tuesday's one percent rally to hit its strongest level since April 30.
The agency said it would consider as timely any tax returns or payments due from Friday through Aug.
22 if they are completed by Aug.
22.
For the weekend, the top 12 movies grossed $157.1 million, up 52 percent from the same weekend a year earlier.
The new capabilities will provide IBM customers a way to create, publish, manage and archive Web-based content within a corporate intranet, extranet and Internet environment.
Tito Barbini, a regional minister for agriculture in Tuscany, Italy, criticized the absence Tuesday in Sacramento.
Baer said he had concluded that lawyers for the two victims have shown, albeit barely . . . that Iraq provided material support to bin Laden and al-Qaida.
I was believing that I was confident I could do this, but only in the case I would play my best tennis.
Based on that review, I have concluded that CEO and President Greg Parseghian and General Counsel Maud Mater should be replaced, Falcon said.
Reflecting the broad scope of the recession and its aftermath, significant increases in uninsured rates occurred among whites, blacks, people 18-to-64, and middle- and higher-income earners.
The weakness exists in the way that VBA looks at the properties of documents passed to it when the document is opened by a host application.
Mr. Malik assured him that he would be considered a martyr if anything happened to him as a result of his trip, the witness said.
In addition, Hambali laments, all the group's savings have been lost to raids and arrests, and JI is now totally dependent on al-Qaeda for money.
The Third Armored Cavalry Regiment recently apprehended about 40 suspected fighters near the Syrian border, officials said.
The chief merchandising officer decides what the store is going to sell, giving it that signature that draws in shoppers and brings them back again and again.
Winners will be announced in a June 8 ceremony broadcast on CBS from Radio City Music Hall.
It was a great shock, said Mohcine Douali, who lives in central Algiers.
About 18 percent of men taking finasteride developed prostate cancer, compared with 24 percent on placebo.
When you crossed the line, you violated the constitutional right, said Charles Weisselberg, who teaches law at the University of California, Berkeley.
Mr. Manuel and his group entered the United States by walking across the bridge linking Matamoros and Brownsville.
In the first stage of the attack, the Lovsan worm began fouling computers around the world.
The couple was granted an annulment in September 2001 and Joanie Harper was given sole custody of Marques and Lyndsey, court records show.
Several shots rang out in the darkness, but only one gator had been killed by 11 p.m.
Although some firms show BPO savings, vendors overstate their current offerings, John C. McCarthy, Forrester Group director, said.
When police removed the four from the home, they weighed 136 pounds combined.
Also demonstrating box-office strength -- and getting seven Tony nominations -- was a potent revival of Eugene ONeills family drama, Long Days Journey Into Night.
The government identified the alleged hijackers as Francisco Lamas Carón, 29, Luis Alberto Suarez Acosta, 22, and Yosvani Martínez Acosta, 27.
Identity theft cost businesses and financial institutions nearly $48 billion and consumer victims reported $5 billion in out-of-pocket expenses last year, according to the FTC.
Graham acknowledged that surgery was not exactly the way to begin a campaign, but he said he feels strong and has the go-ahead from his doctors.
I'm still not red-hot favourite, Hewitt said after battling to down Davydenko 6-3 4-6 6-3 7-6 (7-5) on centre court.
The new found planet is the only one known to orbit such a double-star system.
A spokesman for the U.S. Attorney's Office was not available for comment.
If the companies won't, their drugs could be prescribed to Medicaid patients only with the state's say-so.
Ms. Kennedy Cuomo's lawyer, William D. Zabel, said she would not comment.
The attack on the al-Rashid Hotel, during the visit of Deputy Defence Secretary Paul Wolfowitz underscores the nature of the problem.
Net income was 12 cents a share, compared with a net loss of $35 million, or 20 cents, a year earlier.
The statistical analysis was published Tuesday in Circulation, a journal of the American Heart Association (news - web sites).
Feith said people have misconstrued the purpose of the small intelligence review team he assembled in October 2001.
This integrates with Rational PurifyPlus and allows developers to work in supported versions of Java, Visual C# and Visual Basic .NET.
He urged the US to provide clear rules on what would happen at possible trials.
The euro soared to US$1.1914 in Asian trading, before slipping back slightly to US$1.1895 as trading opened in Europe.
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX gained 19.72 points, or 1.98 percent, to 1,015.69.
Four of those killed by Williams were black; the other was white.
Michelle Wie chips Sunday during her 1-up victory over Virada Nirapathpongporn in the 27th U.S. Women's Amateur Public Links Championship.
Dixon was otherwise the class of the field at Pikes Peak International Raceway.
He went on: One part of that should have been sourced to a reference work.
In the evening, he asked for six pizzas and soda, which police delivered.
The scientists wanted to pick the minds of the Buddhist scholars about how best to use technology such as brain imaging to study consciousness.
Operating revenues were down about 1 percent to $4.55 billion, from $4.59 billion.
At the very long end, the 30-year bond US30YT=RR slid a full point for a yield of 4.47 percent from 4.41 percent.
Robert Stewart, a spokesman for Park Place, the parent company of Caesars Palace, said he was surprised by the court's decision.
Iraq's nuclear program had been dismantled, and there was no convincing evidence of its reconstitution.
The hall will be home to the Los Angeles Philharmonic and the LA Master Chorale.
I'm delighted that David Chase has decided to give us another chapter in the great 'Sopranos' saga, HBO chairman and chief executive Chris Albrecht said.
Ships carry 95 percent of international cargo to the United States.
My decision today is not based on any one event.
The tech-loaded Nasdaq composite rose 20.96 points to 1595.91 to end at its highest level for 12 months.
Ursel Reisen confirmed it operated the coach, but gave no details other than to say the passengers were of mixed ages.
He then stabbed two passersby as he fled along a promenade by the Mediterranean Sea.
Dan Powers, vice president of grid computing strategy at IBM Corp., says he's not worried about such off-the-shelf PC clusters threatening sales of traditional supercomputers.
The anticipated global sales improvement in the month of June did not materialize as we had anticipated, the company said.
It is not clear whether the apology was written on the orders of Mr Blair or at Mr Campbell's initiative.
The current plan is to release the videotapes of the sessions, after U.S. review, on Friday, said Jim Landale, a spokesman for the tribunal.
The huge bottom-line loss stemmed from a 1.5 billion pound assets writedown, on top of a 3.5 billion first-half charge.
The North Shore Long Island Jewish Health System in New York announced plans for a tissue bank this month.
According to WWF, a further 13,000 individuals are estimated to be caught around the Straits of Gibraltar and in neighboring zones.
Boston College, Miami and Syracuse are considering leaving the Big East for the Atlantic Coast Conference by the end of the month.
Certainly what we know suggests that we should take what they're saying very seriously, he added.
It's a blond-haired woman wearing a Cartier watch on her wrist, the source said.
Patton also appointed Conner to the Kentucky Lottery Board and appointed Seth Conner to the Agriculture Development Board, the commission says.
There are three suits challenging the recall still pending in federal court.
He's wild, he wants to kill him, but then I suppose I'd be that angry too if somebody tried to kill my old man.
Sutherland is the 65-year-old computing pioneer who co-founded Evans & Sutherland, which made high-performance graphics computers.
Police say CIBA was involved in the importation of qat, a narcotic substance legal in Britain but banned in the United States.
The Standard & Poor's 500 stock index pulled back by nearly 4 points to 1,066.62.
Halliburton shares fell 54 cents, or 2.4 percent, to $21.76 a share in midday New York Stock Exchange trade.
Blagojevich reiterated his stance Wednesday to not prop up the budget with a gambling expansion.
ESPN reported that Knight's two-year deal is worth $2.38 million, including a $300,000 signing bonus.
The report was sponsored by the Computer & Communications Industry Association (CCIA).
Please, keep doing your homework, said Bavelier, the mother of 6-year-old twins and a 2-year old.
The router will be available in the first quarter of 2004 and will cost around $200, the company said.
Rep. Louise Slaughter, D-N.Y., declared, The Congress of the United States has never -- ever -- outlawed a medical procedure.
The leading actress nod went to energetic newcomer Marissa Jaret Winokur as Edna's daughter Tracy.
Recall proponents claim to have turned in more than 1.6 million signatures.
And Alabama Chief Justice Roy Moore, who installed the monument in the courthouse two years ago, said he will fight to keep his job.
Years later, Cuba refused permission for her to attend her father's funeral.
On the week, the Dow Jones industrial average rose 11.56 points, while the Nasdaq Stock Market gained 39.42 points.
He had been in protective custody since being transferred to Souza-Baranowski in April, officials said.
At one of the three sampling sites at Huntington Beach, the bacteria reading came back at 160 on June 16 and at 120 on June 23.
Prosecutor Jim Hardin called the decision a victory for Kathleen Peterson's family.
But Davis adviser Roger Salazar said the governor's focus is on doing the work that he's being paid to do.
In math, 16 percent of elementary and middle school students and 9.6 percent of high school students must be proficient.
But a state judge has ruled that the so-called double jeopardy protections do not apply in the case.
There are a number of locations in our community, which are essentially vulnerable, Mr Ruddock said.
She also pledged to bring peace to Iraq: Americans don't cut and run, we have to see this misadventure through.
Congratulations on being named Time magazine's Person of the Year.
Health officials confirmed Tuesday that a northeast Kansas woman has the state's first case of monkeypox and the first case west of the Mississippi River.
Sharon has said he is willing to free Dirani and Obeid because holding them will not bring back Arad, who Israel believes is held by Iran.
What's next: If finally passed by the House, the measure moves to the Senate.
The Agriculture Department already has issued a recall for 10,410 pounds of beef slaughtered Dec.
9 at Vern's Moses Lake Meat Co. in Moses Lake, Wash.
For one thing, it says, 'Come on, it's working,'  Don Marti, editor in chief of the Linux Journal told the New York Post. 
Deirdre Hisler, Government Canyon's manager, said the state has long had its eye on this piece of property and is eager to complete the deal to obtain it.
The Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries decided yesterday to lower its output ceiling by 900,000 barrels a day to 24.5 million barrels starting in November.
Six vehicles, including one belonging to the army, were damaged in the powerful explosion.
The airline says only Robert Milton is taking a 15-per-cent reduction in pay.
The question is whether there will be a hearing to determine if Bryant will stand trial.
Those reports were denied by the interior minister, Prince Nayef.
At least seven other governments have signed agreements, but have asked not to have them publicized.
More than 100 police officers were involved in the busts that were the culmination of a two-year operation investigating the cocaine importing and money laundering gang.
Still others cite the difficulty of assembling a group of subjects whose depression is of comparable severity, a problem that complicates the task of properly measuring effectiveness.
The Lord Chancellor was guardian of the Great Seal, used to stamp all official documents from the sovereign.
Let me just say this: the evidence that we have of weapons of mass destruction was evidence drawn up and accepted by the joint intelligence community.
Haskell said 57 percent were Hispanic, 10 percent Asian, 7 percent black and 16 percent white.
Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld and others argued that Saddam Hussein possessed chemical and biological weapons and was hiding them.
Peterson, 31, is charged with two counts of first-degree murder in the slayings of his wife, Laci, and their unborn son, Conner.
And of those, 149, or 55%, claimed to treat, prevent, diagnose or cure specific diseases.
Out of the nearly $20 billion, $18.6 billion is earmarked for reconstruction of Iraq and $1.2 billion for Afghanistan.
The rate of skin cancer has tripled since the 1950s in Norway and Sweden, according to the study.
Gov. Linda Lingle and members of her staff were at the Navy base and watched the launch.
U.S. soldiers killed about two dozen suspected Taliban militants in southern Afghanistan after their convoy came under attack, the military said Sunday.
Mr Truss said he made no apologies the negotiations had been undertaken in secret.
Lee Boyd Malvo will be called as a witness Wednesday in a pretrial hearing for fellow sniper suspect John Allen Muhammad.
Associated Press Writer Michael Gormley contributed to this report from Albany.
Since March 11, when the market's major indices were at their lowest levels since hitting multi-year lows in October, the tech-laden Nasdaq has climbed nearly 20 per cent.
Ex-KGB agent Putin added that the Beatles were considered 'propaganda of an alien ideology'.
But they did not, as of the time of this particular tragic event, provide the security we had requested, Mr Jordan said.
A further 10 million shares were transferred to a charitable trust, after which they were also sold.
About 24 percent of men who took placebo, or 1,147 men, developed prostate cancer.
Sixteen days later, as superheated air from the shuttle's reentry rushed into the damaged wing, there was no possibility for crew survival, the board said.
The songs are on offer for 99 cents each, or $9.99 for an album.
Last week, former chief financial officer Franklyn Bergonzi pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy and agreed to cooperate with the government's investigation.
The Space Infrared Telescope Facility's mission is to search for the beginnings of the universe.
In the landmark ruling regarding New York City schools, the Court of Appeals ordered the Legislature and Gov. George Pataki to fix the funding system by July 30, 2004.
It exploded in his hands, but the former Italian prime minister was unhurt.
Previous defense filings said Moussaoui was to be part of an operation outside the United States.
Their father had pleaded with the doctors to stop the fight after his wife's euthanasia bid left their son in a coma and he was put on life-support.
This is what Limbaugh actually said about McNabb: I don't think he's been that good from the get-go.
The final report on the investigation could take as long as a year, Engleman said at a news briefing.
Supporters say those people will gamble and have enough money left over to spend in restaurants and stores.
Fayette City Councilman Cedric Wilson identified the dead as Cpl. James Crump, Officer Arnold Strickland and dispatcher Ace Mealer.
Chad Kolton, emergency management spokesman with the Department of Homeland Security, said the government is open to new technologies and methods to communicate more quickly and efficiently.
His spokesman, Tom Parker, said Moore's attorneys would respond to the complaint Monday.
State police said as many as 30 workers were trapped immediately after the garage collapsed.
Aug.
15, 1982: Remains of Chapman, Hinds and Mills are found in the Green River.
Then they moved inside the mosque and started firing on the people.
Michel, who remains in the government, denied that US pressure had provoked the government's move.
Shares of LendingTree rose 22 cents to $14.69 and have risen 14 percent this year.
Wire transfers from four of the 40 accounts open at Beacon Hill totaled more than $3.2 billion from 2001 to 2002, Morgenthau said.
A slit the size of one created in the test would let in a stream of gas three times as hot as a blowtorch.
Richard Grasso quit as chairman last week after losing the support of his board amid public furor over his $140 million pay package.
State GOP Chairman Kris Warner said the GOP would not shy away in 2004 from referring to Wise's problems.
The company also said it would cut wholesale prices on cassettes and change the suggested retail price to $8.98.
His lawyer, Harriet Newman Cohen, said later that Cuomo was betrayed and saddened by his wife's conduct during their marriage.
ATA spokeswoman Diana Cronan said travel was down in May through July, and she also expects it to be down some over Labor Day.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC edged up 2.84 points, or 0.18 percent, at 1,593.59.
The new WPAN standard uses the 2.4-GHz unlicensed frequency band and specifies raw data rates of 11M, 22M, 33M, 44M and 55Mbit/sec.
If we could do that throughout the world, we could end terrorism, he said.
Shares of Littleton, Colorado-based EchoStar rose $1.63, or 5.3 percent, to $32.26 at 10:55 a.m.
It will be the first handset to ship with the Smartphone 2003 version of Microsoft's (Nasdaq: MSFT) Windows Mobile software, the mobile operator said.
The 60-year-old millionaire hugged his attorneys, saying: Thank you so much.
The outbreak was especially intense in Colorado, where within the past month more than 6,300 people have been infected and at least six have died.
The releases are the latest in a series of efforts by the government to move Myanmar closer to multiparty democracy and national reconciliation, a government statement said.
Not counting energy prices, wholesale prices were down 0.9 percent.
Goldman is trying to sell the shares to institutional investors at $US13.15 each, said the traders, who received calls from the securities firm's sales force.
He also said the academy will get its own internal report next week detailing how serious the problem remains.
U.S. corporate bond yield spreads tightened in spotty trading on Friday as Wall Street labored to get back on its feet after the largest power outage ever in North America.
It appears that many employers accused of workplace discrimination will be considered guilty until they can prove themselves innocent, he said.
The FCC said that it won't request personal identifying information before allowing people to access the wireless network.
Under terms of the deal, Legato stockholders will receive 0.9 of a share of EMC common stock for each share of Legato stock.
Bad publicity has already weakened sales which are highly profitable for retailers.
Only 12 of the last 30 attempts to reach Mars have succeeded (two are in transit).
The WHO experts didn't say how many cases in Hebei were in rural areas.
In Damascus, Syrian Information Minister Ahmad al-Hassan called the charges baseless and illogical.
Smallpox is not the only threat to the nation's health, and vaccination is not the only tool for preparedness, his introductory statement says.
Ernst & Young spokesman Kenneth Kerrigan said the firm admits no wrongdoing.
The 90-minute exchange took place at a debate, focusing on the issues of interest to young people, broadcast live from Faneuil Hall in Boston.
Subsequently, some bondholders have filed suit to block the exchange offer.
Mr. Bremer said that Iran, including its intelligence service, continued to interfere in fledgling political reconstruction.
They also found shortness was associated with a family history of hearing loss.
Three no votes would kill it for now.
Without reform, the scene is set for another accident, the report warned.
In early trading, the Dow Jones industrial average was up 3.90, or 0.04 percent, at 9,113.75, having gained 36.90 on Tuesday.
SARS has also taken a toll on Taiwan's economy, hammering consumer spending, with shops, restaurants and airports empty while people stay at home.
The minister said police had identified the bodies of seven of the 14-member cell believed to have carried out the five almost simultaneous attacks in Casablanca on Friday night.
An incremental step reported by researchers at the University of California, San Francisco, is the latest in a decade-long effort.
About 200 people were rescued by fishing boats or managed to reach shore, police and officials said.
Peterson is charged with two counts of murder in the deaths of his wife and unborn son.
The World Health Organization and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in the United States have sent a team to investigate.
He explained that he found Antetonitrus when he came to Wits in 2001 as a post-doctoral research assistant at England's University of Bristol.
Gemstar shares moved higher on the news, closing up 2.6 percent at $5.49 on Nasdaq.
LURD's Ja'neh also called for an interim government and the deployment of a U.S.-led Western peacekeeping force.
Veritas will also expand its storage resource management (SRM) suite with the Precise StorageCentral software, focused on file and quota management in Windows environments.
The percentage of Americans without health coverage rose from 14.6 to 15.2.
The transaction will expand Callebaut's sales revenues from its consumer products business to 45 percent from 23 percent.
Andrew M. Cuomo and Kerry Kennedy Cuomo plan to divorce.
Because of that, the family had run him out of the house over the objections of the grandmother and he was living on the street.
A Catholic priest said two miners were killed and nine other protesters injured 110 kilometres outside La Paz as a convoy of miners threw dynamite at soldiers manning a roadblock.
Salesforce.com rents software that helps corporate sales people track customer accounts and sales leads.
In 1999 the American Film Institute named Hepburn as the 20th century's greatest screen actress.
The Satellite's 17-inch panel offers a maximum resolution of 1,440 by 900 pixels, Toshiba said.
Kerr, who won three NBA titles with Chicago and one with the Spurs in 1999, finished with 12 points, three assists and two rebounds.
Tuition at the six two-year community colleges will leap by $300, to $2,800.
Windows XP 64-bit Edition for 64-Bit Extended Systems will support AMD64 technology, running natively on AMD Athlon 64 powered desktops and AMD Opteron processor-powered workstations.
The integration is exceeding almost every expectation we set for ourselves, Mr Roberts said on Thursday.
In his letter, McBride charges the Free Software Foundation and Red Hat with trying to undermine U.S. copyright laws.
She insisted that throughout the mission, managers were basing our decisions on the best information that we had at the time.
Wall Street was also waiting for aluminum maker Alcoa Inc. (nyse: PEP - news - people) to report earnings after the close.
On Aug.
8, Juvenile Court Judge Robert Yeates ordered that Parker be placed in protective custody.
The United States has repeatedly accused Iran of trying to develop nuclear weapons.
By skirting the FDA's oversight, Eagan said, the quality of the imported drugs is less predictable than for those obtained in the United States.
It was not immediately known how many people were on flight UTA 141, which could carry 141 passengers and crew.
Of course I want to win again, but I think is worse when you never won before because you are very anxious, he says.
Home Depot reported a 22 percent jump in third-quarter profit behind a nearly 8 percent rise in same-store sales.
In addition to O'Connor, Rehnquist's majority opinion was joined by Justices David Souter, Ruth Bader Ginsburg, and Stephen Breyer.
Stout previously worked for General Electric subsidiary GE Capital Service Inc., where he was vice president and chief technology and information officer.
Ernst & Young has denied the SEC's claims, and called its recommendations irresponsible.
We do not know if the current investigation involves one or more multiple contractors, she said.
The nation, Bush said, will not stand by and wait for another attack, or trust in the restraint and good intentions of evil men.
They would receive no help with costs between $4,500 and $5,800.
She insisted, though, that it not be published until after her death.
After the shooting, Hoffine fled to the nearby home of a friend, and allowed her and her daughter to leave.
Since Hulett dramatically expanded its shipments to the US in 2000, it has captured a significant share of the US market.
The victims were not identified, although authorities said at least one of the bodies had been there about a year.
A promotional poster, complete with countdown dial, reminds readers of the upcoming release of Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix.
Sammy Sosa was suspended for eight games by major league baseball Friday for using a corked bat, and he immediately appealed the decision.
He and 13 others were arrested Monday after blocking traffic in support of striking university workers.
Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi has all but popped the champagne bottle.
Hillary Clinton, the New York senator and former first lady, has a book out Monday titled Living History.
The boy was a student at Lombardi Middle School in Green Bay.
The American Anglican Council, which represents Episcopalian conservatives, said it will seek authorization to create a separate province in North America because of last week's actions.
Four people were found shot to death along a highway Tuesday morning and three others were wounded in a possible dispute involving immigrant smuggling, officials said.
Using bookmarks and back and forth buttons -- we had about eighteen different things we had in mind for the browser.
The suite comes complete with a word processor, spreadsheet, presentation software and other components, while continuing its tradition of utilizing an XML-based file format.
Palestinian Prime Minister Mahmoud Abbas told Palestinian Satellite TV the helicopter strike was a terrorist attack.
The four suspects are scheduled to appear in court Tuesday or Wednesday, said Philip Murgor, Kenya's deputy public prosecutor.
Analysts spent yesterday running the red pen through the accounts and are expected to announce further cuts to the company's value.
It's almost as if they (Russians) hit an x-mark on the ground.
Davis, who appointed all of the PUC commissioners, called the proposed settlement ``too expensive for the ratepayers.
Four of the defendants have pleaded guilty to weapons charges and other counts.
Mason said al-Amoudi was arrested at Dulles International Airport on Sunday as he came into the country.
The hearing came one day after the Pentagon for the first time singled out an officer, Dallager, for failing to address the scandal.
Fed policy-makers last week signaled they are prepared to cut that rate to ward off even the threat of deflation.
In the interview, Mr. Reed said board members could not defend themselves by saying they did not realize the size of Mr. Grasso's package.
Fifty-seven percent were Hispanic, 10% were Asian, 7% were Black, 16% were Caucasian, and 10% were of other ethnicity.
When shown pictures of unfamiliar faces, adults who were shy toddlers showed a relatively high level of activity in a part of the brain called the amygdala.
The pressure will intensify today, with national coverage of the final round planned by ESPN and words that are even more difficult.
In Palestine, a rural neighborhood 225 miles west of Washington, residents had effusive praise for Lynch.
Writing in the journal Geophysical Research Letters, Vincent’s team said all of the fresh water poured out of the 20 mile (30 km) long Disraeli Fjord.
Several shots rang out Wednesday night, but no gators were killed then.
Shumaker was the president of the University of Louisville when he was hired by UT.
The Iranians have until the end of the month to answer all the agency's questions about their past nuclear activities.
Kadyrov was not injured, but four of his bodyguards were among those killed.
The Air Force inspector general and the Pentagon also are investigating.
Results of the 2001 Aboriginal Peoples Survey released yesterday by Statistics Canada suggest living standards have improved but still lag for those off reserves.
The Episcopal Church ''is alienating itself from the Anglican Communion,'' said the Very Rev. Peter Karanja, provost of the All Saints Cathedral, in Nairobi.
McKnight's lawyers said she had no intention of harming the child.
While the Ibrahims had one separation operation, Goodrich and Dr. David Staffenberg plan about three for the Aguirres, with several weeks between each.
That compares with a profit of $446 million, or seven cents per share, on revenue of $6.32 billion in the same period last year.
Shares of LendingTree rose $6.21, or 42 percent, to $20.90 after hitting $21.36 earlier.
ASEAN comprises Brunei, Cambodia, Indonesia, Laos, Malaysia, Myanmar, the Philippines, Singapore, Thailand and Vietnam.
The grant also funds beach testing in King George County, Norfolk and Virginia Beach.
The two companies said PowderJect's strong U.S. position would complement Chiron's European presence.
McBride dismissed Novell's Unix ownership claims as a desperate measure to curry favor with the Linux community.
He led Philippine police to a ton of TNT officials say was intended for attacks on Western targets in Singapore, including the US Embassy.
Black Democratic leaders were trying to arrange a meeting with Democratic National Committee Chairman Terry McAuliffe to discuss the layoffs of 10 minority staffers at party headquarters.
Boeing shares fell 95 cents, or 3.3 percent, to $27.67 at 3:30 p.m. in New York Stock Exchange composite trading.
Bulger's brother, a former FBI informant, is now on the law enforcement agency's 10 Most Wanted list.
From that point until costs reached $5,300, the individual would pay 100 percent of the bill.
But he said he had Dr Hollingworth's legal advice that he had been denied natural justice by the church inquiry.
None of Dean's opponents picked him as someone to party with and Dean was not asked the question.
The city had requested federal funds, but withdrew that request when American Express pledged at least $3 million.
He also said the academy will get its own internal report next week detailing the seriousness of the remaining problem.
No dates have been set for the civil or the criminal trial.
His dissent was joined by Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justice Clarence Thomas.
The Pentagon has begun an official investigation into Boykin's remarks.
The gunman, identified as Harold Kilpatrick Jr., 26, had left a note saying he wanted to kill some people and die today.
I´m very proud of the citizens of this state, Gov. John Baldacci said after votes from Tuesday´s referendum were counted.
I never thought I'd write these words, but here goes: I miss Vin Diesel.
Doris Brasher, who owns a grocery store on Highway 96, said many in the close-knit town knew the three men who were killed.
He really left us with a smile on his face and no last words, daughter Linda Hope said.
A jury convicted novelist Michael Peterson Friday of bludgeoning his wife of five years in the stairwell of their home.
Motorola had scheduled its earnings report to be released today after the close of trading.
PeopleSoft management entrenchment tactics continue to destroy the value of the company for its shareholders, said Deborah Lilienthal, an Oracle spokeswoman.
The report cites the marriage of the alleged operational commander of the Bali bombings, Mukhlas, to Farida, a highly cosmopolitan and well-educated young woman.
I carried 100 percent of the votes in San Jose - of all the Austrian-born body builders, Schwarzenegger quipped.
In her testimony, Kate Hannum said she was 5 1/2 months pregnant when her mother was killed.
The company posted a profit of $54.3 million, or 22 cents per share, in the year-ago period.
Thats why the Americans with all their technology cant find him.
It's amazing to be part of an industry that rewards its young, said Hernandez, who is a recent graduate of Parsons School of Design.
Wall Street analysts had expected 22 cents a share, according to Thomson First Call.
She also noted that Intel's servers were not harmed and that the thousands of Hamidi e-mail recipients were able to request that the e-mails stop, which Hamidi honored.
It even struck a deal for distribution and advertising with popular P2P service Grokster.
Bin Laden’s men pointed out that raising and distributing funds has been complicated by the U.S. crackdown on jihadi charitable foundations, bank accounts of terror-related organizations and money transfers.
Michael Mitchell, the chief public defender in Baton Rouge who is representing Lee, did not answer his phone Wednesday afternoon.
Two astronomers surveying the region around Jupiter have detected 20 new moons, bringing the giant planet's total to 60.
The fight about online music sales was disclosed in documents filed last week with the judge and made available by the court Monday.
Details of the research will appear in a future issue of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
This is a hospital that treats everybody as people, and if we could do that throughout the world, we could end terrorism.
The incubation period in cattle is four to five years, said Stephen Sundlof of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration.
NASA plans to follow-up the rovers' missions with additional orbiters and landers before launching a long-awaited sample-return flight.
Economists said that raised the odds of a rate cut at the Fed's next meeting on June 24-25.
He projected Vanderpool will be available within the next five years.
They ordered state troopers to close the roads leading to her home after her motorcade passed, to prevent camera crews from pursuing her.
The team has named the sensor Canary, for cellular analysis and notification of antigen risks and yields.
This fire is going to have a great potential to get into those areas, Oltrogge said.
Likewise, the 30-year bond US30YT=RR slid 23/32 for a yield of 4.34 percent, up from 4.30 percent.
Kerry outlined last month a UN resolution authorizing a military force under US command and transferring responsibility for political and humanitarian efforts to the UN.
Intel updated investors midway through the quarter and said business was proceeding exactly as planned.
Dotson was arrested July 21 after telling FBI agents he shot Dennehy when Dennehy tried to shoot him, according to the arrest warrant affidavit.
UAL bankruptcy attorney James Sprayregen said at a court hearing the company will submit an updated business plan to the Air Transportation Stabilization Board, but gave no timeframe.
He was a close associate of Sept.
11 mastermind Khalid Shaikh Mohammed, Bush said.
The money was taken at 4 a.m. on March 18, hours before the U.S. launched its first air strikes, the newspaper said.
But the Russell 2000, the barometer of stocks of smaller companies, had a weekly gain of 3.71, or 0.9 percent, closing at 418.40.
GeCAD, founded in 1992 and based in Bucharest, provides anti-virus, anti-spam and content-filtering products under the name RAV AntiVirus.
Rosenthal is hereby sentenced to custody of the Federal Bureau of Prisons for one day with credit for time served.
French President Jacques Chirac was said to have demanded that a European company provide the engines.
Martin, 58, will be freed today after serving two thirds of his five-year sentence for the manslaughter of 16-year-old Fred Barras.
The arrests came two days after Ken Livingstone, the London Mayor, claimed police and security services had foiled four terrorist attacks on the capital.
Taha is married to former Iraqi oil minister Amir Muhammed Rasheed, who surrendered to U.S. forces on April 28.
He moved to Syria, where he underwent further religious training in traditional Islamic beliefs.
Other contenders included General Electric's GE.N NBC, which submitted a letter of interest, a source familiar with the matter said.
Pollack said the plaintiffs failed to show that Merrill and Blodget directly caused their losses.
He is to play host to Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi on Sunday and Monday.
Mr Blix said: I don't know exactly how they calculated this figure of 45 minutes in the dossier.
BEA Systems Inc.
BEAS.O said on Thursday second-quarter profits rose 28 percent, as revenues grew slightly more than Wall Street expected amid a contracting overall market for business software.
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 eased 0.37 of a point, or 0.03 percent, at 1,121.
Several doctors and courts have found Schiavo to be in a persistent vegetative state, but Byrd disagreed.
The bodies of some of the dead, pulled out from under the train, were laid out beside the tracks while emergency services brought in wooden coffins.
Microsoft will pay Time Warner AOL $750 million to settle an outstanding antitrust suit brought by Time Warner's Netscape division.
Dotson, 21, was arrested and charged on July 21 after reportedly telling authorities he shot Dennehy after Dennehy tried to shoot him.
This is an extremely heartrending time for the entire Brandeis University community.
ConAgra shares closed Monday at $21.63 a share, down 11 cents, on the New York Stock Exchange.
Computer Associates, EMC, IBM, Sun Microsystems, and VERITAS are also onboard to support the storage standard.
Intel Corp.'s second-quarter profits doubled and revenues grew 8 percent from a year ago as the chip-making giant reported stronger-than-expected demand for personal computer microprocessors.
Although they no longer get the glory, desktop PC exceeded IDC's shipment expectations in the second quarter, Kay said.
The US administration responded coolly to the EU deadline, warning that trade sanctions would backfire by hurting European consumers but pledging to comply with our international obligations.
He is temporarily serving as Chechnya's acting president while his boss, Akhmad Kadyrov, is on the campaign trail.
Several of the questions asked by the audience in the fast-paced forum were new to the candidates.
Warden Gene Fischi said the two inmates broke a 12-by-18-inch cell window, threw a mattress to the ground, and shimmied down the makeshift rope to a second-story roof.
But the reality is that there needs to be a big structural change, Dr. Goin added.
US authorities have said the council would include 20 to 25 members.
The tech-laced Nasdaq Composite Index gained 18.35 points, or 1.13 percent, to 1,646.02.
That night Jackson and his cousin, Herbert Tyrone Cleveland, went with Mallard to her house.
The team will help draft a plan by the end of the year to attack obesity.
The 19 face charges including racketeering, conspiracy, organized fraud, grand theft and illegal drug sales, all felonies carrying penalties of five to 30 years in prison.
The incremental step, reported by researchers at UC San Francisco, is the latest in a decade-long effort to infect mice with the virus.
The justices declined without comment to review a lower-court ruling that said doctors should be able to speak frankly with their patients.
The US Federal Trade Commission has also filed a lawsuit challenging Rambus.
In one scene the film showed Mr Reagan's character saying of Aids patients: They that live in sin shall die in sin.
The plan, which Pataki has said is unconstitutional as written, would cost the state $5.1 billion over the next 30 years.
He said the consequences of the rapes had been catastrophic for the women involved and for the many mixed-race children they bore, who have been shunned in their communities.
Six new Krispy Kreme stores were opened in the first quarter, bringing the total number of stores to 282.
Over one two-month period, Newsweek said Bennett wired more than $1.4 million to one casino to cover losses.
Mortgage rates around the country fell again this week, the ninth time this year rates have hit an all-time low.
Secretary of State Colin Powell last week ruled out a non-aggression treaty.
He may not have been there, the defence official said on Thursday.
The Supreme Court said Monday the government can require public libraries to equip computers with anti-pornography filters, rejecting librarians' complaints that the law amounts to censorship.
It has ordered motorists to stay off the streets and petrol stations to shut down during the strike.
Californians understand that we have some real problems ... and they want commonsense solutions, and recall isn't one of them, said Davis adviser Roger Salazar.
He later learned that the incident was caused by the Concorde's sonic boom.
A spokeswoman at Strong Memorial Hospital said Doud was in satisfactory condition Tuesday night.
Overture generates its search listings from more than 100,000 advertisers who bid for placement on keywords relevant to their business.
In a series of raids, Moroccan police arrested 33 suspects on Saturday, including some linked to the radical Djihad Salafist group, a senior official said.
At a hearing before U.S. District Judge Miriam Goldman Cedarbaum, she was released without bail until her next court appearance June 19.
The interview, which also focuses on Schwarzenegger's training routines and prowess as a bodybuilder, was reprinted this week on the website http://www.smokinggun.com.
The two blond opponents appeared almost identical in matching powder-blue outfits – to their dismay.
The nation lost a great citizen, U.S. President George W. Bush said Monday.
Upscale department store chain Nordstrom Inc. (nyse: JWN - news - people) jumped $1.49, or 9.4 percent, to $17.35.
After the war she spent three years in custody but tribunals cleared her of any wrongdoing.
One of the company's employees was hospitalized in critical condition at Lee Memorial Hospital in Fort Myers, said hospital administrative assistant Alex Reichert.
But they are split over whether the Fed will acknowledge risks are tilted toward weakness, or say they are balanced.
Dylan Baker and Lindsay Frost play her parents, Ed and Lois Smart.
As he left court, McCartney cast one long angry glare at Amrozi, who almost hid behind his lawyer to the side.
Even if the Senate approves the proposals, they would require the support of the Democrat-led Assembly and Gov. George Pataki to become law.
It was announced on Friday that Goodrem had been diagnosed with Hodgkin's disease, a form of cancer which affects the lymph nodes.
Happy Family has ex-Night Court star Larroquette and Christine Baranski as a couple with grown children who won't leave their lives.
NBC also plans to shelve Crossing Jordan until January as star Jill Hennessy has her first child.
Early Friday, the SWAT team burst in and found Hoffine dead.
SCO says the pricing terms for a license will not be announced for weeks.
Paul Adams, BAT managing director, will take over as chief executive in January.
Overall, 83 percent of women washed up, compared with 74 percent of men.
A $50 million plan to keep Detroit Receiving and Hutzel Women's hospitals open was offered Tuesday under proposed funding from state officials.
But a senior State Department official said: We'll decide how to keep the proper incentives there for countries to sign and for countries that have signed to ratify.
Analyst Mike King of Banc of America Securities downgraded Genentech on Monday to a sell before the company released its statement on the colon-cancer research.
Congress twice passed similar bills, but then-President Clinton vetoed them both times.
Officials in Malawi said the men were on the CIA's ''watch list'' since the twin 1998 bombings at the US embassies in Kenya and Tanzania.
Today, the experts will perform the United States' first simultaneous release of five whales from a single stranding incident.
The contract sets his annual base salary at $1.4 million and his target bonus at a minimum of $1 million.
The condition is associated with heart disease, chronic kidney disease, blindness, and amputations.
The new companies will begin trading on Nasdaq today under the ticker symbols PLMO and PSRC.
A third executive, chief operating officer David Glenn was fired.
Both papers are being published today in the New England Journal of Medicine.
Duisenberg said in an interview with Bloomberg News' German television channel released earlier on Wednesday it was too early to discuss further interest rate cuts for the euro zone.
Noah Wyle, who has played Dr. John Carter since the series launched in 1994, has inked a one-year extension to his deal with producer Warner Bros. TV.
Costner plays Charlie Waite, a cowboy with a violent past.
Country-music station KKCS has suspended two disc jockeys for playing songs by the Dixie Chicks in violation of a ban imposed after one group member criticized President George Bush.
The scientists' research is being published today in the journal Science (www.sciencemag.org).
A base configuration with a 2.0GHz Intel Celeron processor, 128M bytes of memory, a 40G-byte hard drive, and a CD-ROM drive costs US$729.
Others no longer have a good view, it said, because of civilian buildings built near them.
Bloom and his colleagues had previously shown that the hormone, PYY3-36, could curb the appetites of lean people.
A European Commission initiative has issued guidelines to member governments on how to migrate to open source software on both servers and desktops.
In Europe, France's CAC-40 rose 0.6 percent, Britain's FTSE 100 slipped 0.02 percent and Germany's DAX index advanced 0.8 percent.
Now, for the first time, those without Internet access can sign up with a single phone call.
Telemarketers who call numbers on the list after Oct.
1 could face fines of up to $11,000 per call.
Claudette, the first hurricane of the Atlantic storm season, hit the mid-Texas coast July 15 with 85-mph wind.
The Fox Movie Channel has banned Charlie Chan.
The FTC signed up 50 million phone numbers for the list, which was due to go into effect October 1.
Reed said board members can't defend themselves by saying they didn't realize the size of Grasso's package.
The technology-heavy Nasdaq Composite Index dipped 6.62 points, or 0.34 percent, to 1,917.67.
PwC itself paid $5m last year over alleged violations of independence rules.
Let's show we won't let them off, said Marc Blondel, leader of the Force Ouvriere union.
Under the plan being announced Wednesday in Washington, GM will provide Dow manufacturing plants with trucks containing fuel cell conversion equipment.
Poland, Spain and Germany, were ready to talk about a deal, he said.
Broomhead, 34, was assigned to the 2nd Squadron, 3rd Armored Cavalry Regiment.
IBM stock rose $1.75, to $84.50, on the New York Stock Exchange.
No dates have been set for the criminal or civil cases, but Shanley has pleaded not guilty.
France Telecom shares dropped 3.6 percent while Orange surged 13 percent.
The discovery so alarmed researchers that they stopped the study, known as the Women's Health Initiative.
One Republican sent out a flier this week citing a 3.8-percent increase in the S&P 500 stock index since passage of the tax cuts in May.
Seven of the nine major Democratic presidential candidates will address the forum.
I have heard the people of New York say, 'Enough is enough,'  Pataki said. 
Twenty-seven Iraqis were killed, pushing the number of opposition deaths to about 100 in a U.S. operation to hunt down supporters of Saddam Hussein's fallen regime.
Astronomers have found the oldest and most distant planet known in the universe.
Sony claimed that the reader's capacitance sensing technology cannot be fooled by paper copies and does not require cleaning.
The largest supplier of medicines was Canada, followed by India, Thailand and the Philippines.
On Sunday August 3, the House of Deputies voted nearly 2-1 in favor of the Reverend Gene Robinson of New Hampshire.
Some 50 million phone numbers are registered on the list, which was to take effect Oct.
1.
And as more than 100 people on death rows have been exonerated, other states have abridged or considered abridging the use of the death penalty.
The same survey found the median household income rose by $51, when accounting for inflation, to $43,057.
The two blond opponents appeared almost identical because they wore matching powder-blue outfits - to their dismay.
Schroeder cancelled his Italian holiday after Stefani refused to apologise for the slurs, which came after Berlusconi compared a German politician to a Nazi concentration camp guard.
The impact of increased prices has only begun to be seen in the financial numbers of the company, president and CEO Derek Pannell said in a statement.
Kempthorne has ''shown a distinct contempt for environmental protection,'' said Mark Longabaugh, the league's vice president for political affairs.
Citigroup (C) on Wednesday named Marjorie Magner chairman and chief executive of its colossal global consumer business.
Unit volumes also set a record as notebooks accounted for more than 40 percent of sales.
Scientists have reported a 90 percent decline in large predatory fish in the world's oceans since a half century ago.
It's safe to assume that the Senate is prepared to pass some form of cap, King said.
That task appealed to two masters of the megabyte, Peter Lyman and Hal Varian, professors at the University of California-Berkeley's School of Information Management and Systems.
Close also questions whether it would be worth the cost of licensing third-party software, along with Salesforce.com's rental price.
State wildlife officials have concluded that the Florida-grown fluorescent zebra fish poses no danger, and they have recommended that it be exempted from the state's ban.
The company is in the early stages of testing the drug for rheumatoid arthritis.
Strayhorn said it was the first time in Texas history a comptroller had not certified the appropriations act.
I think he has to disembrace Putin and put him on notice that he is taking the country in the wrong direction, Soros said.
Oracle's offer undervalues the company and is not in the best interest of PeopleSoft stockholders, said PeopleSoft President and CEO Craig Conway, in the statement.
The rats that consumed the tomato powder had a 26 percent lower risk of prostate cancer death than the control rats, researchers found.
In three years, Lend Lease has slipped from a top-five stock, when its share price was around $24, to 37th.
No dates have been set for the criminal or civil cases, but Shanley has pleaded not guilty.
Typhoon Maemi was on Saturday night moving over the Sea of Japan, where it had weakened considerably, the meteorology department said.
In the present case, too, Mr. Day said he hoped there would be an out-of-court settlement, which he estimated could approach $30 million.
Search technology powerhouse Google has released a new beta of its popular Internet Explorer toolbar, adding bells and whistles for surfers.
Since Perkins' arrival at UConn in 1990 from Maryland, UConn has fielded six national championship teams in three sports - men's and women's basketball and men's soccer.
It also named Robert Willumstad chief operating officer, also to take effect by Jan.
1, 2004.
Kim Clijsters reached the French Open final for the second time, benefiting from a little luck Thursday to erase a set point and beating unseeded Nadia Petrova 7-5, 6-1.
The banks did not admit or deny the SEC charges under the settlements.
Realizing this, the pilot changed course and diverted to Kennedy, which has longer runways.
He said it was not possible to rule out that the chemical was a cancer risk to humans.
E Ink is one of several groups trying to develop electronic paper for e-newspapers and e-books, and other uses - even clothing with computer screens sewn into it.
Media Editor Jon Friedman contributed to this story.
FCC Chairman Michael Powell said in a statement that the ruling would throw a monkey wrench into the FCC's efforts to develop a vitally important national broadband policy.
Authorities had no leads in Biggs' death until four months later, when a tipster said Mallard talked about the incident at a party.
Ricky Clemons' brief, troubled Missouri basketball career is over.
He was reported as saying Prime Minister Sir Allan Kemakeza had made a deal with him to keep his guns while notorious warlord Harold Keke's group was armed.
The council comprises 13 Shi'ites, five Sunni Arabs, five Kurds, an Assyrian Christian and a Turkmen.
October heating oil ended down 0.41 cent to 70.74 cents a gallon.
It indicates, Robert said, “that terrorists really don’t care who they attack.
Because of the distance between the two chambers, the eventual conference between House and Senate tax writers promises to be intense and possibly rocky.
On average the students suffered at least one of the 13 symptoms between three and 11 times in the last year.
Police investigating a deadly hit-and-run accident went to the home of Phoenix's Roman Catholic bishop on Monday and found the windshield of his car caved in, authorities said.
He is charged in three bombings in Atlanta including a blast at the 1996 Olympics and one in Alabama.
Belcher said the airport's conference room became a shelter for several area families who had hiked up wooded hillsides in advance of rising water.
New Yorkers didn't embrace these units like they could have, Matthew W. Daus, the commission's chairman, said yesterday.
The agencies warn that the insulation can sift through cracks in the ceiling, around light fixtures or around ceiling fans.
I think we made some mistakes with this exam, and it's up to us to identify and correct them, Mills said.
Shares of Tampa-based Outback Steakhouse Inc. closed at $44.50, up $1.78, or 4.2 percent, on the New York Stock Exchange.
The hearing occurred a day after the Pentagon for the first time singled out an officer, Dallager, for not addressing the scandal.
From 1993 to 2002, there were 142 reported sexual assaults at the academy.
On June 10, the ship's owners had published an advertisement on the Internet, offering the explosives for sale.
To force a recall election of Davis, the valid signatures of 897,158 registered California voters must be turned in to election officials.
He said that President Bush's proposed Clean Air Act amendment, called the Clear Skies Initiative, would result in greater efficiency and therefore less pollution.
I think it should have been released years ago, said Brian Rohrbough, whose son, Daniel, was killed at Columbine.
A cost analysis is under way, said Michael Rebell, CFE's executive director.
Art historians said it was one of the significant art thefts in Europe in recent years.
About 1500 firefighters in Fontana and the neighbouring city of Rancho Cucamonga battled flames with helicopters, air tankers and bulldozers.
Kerry last month outlined a U.N. resolution authorizing a military force under U.S. command and transferring responsibility to the United Nations for the political and humanitarian efforts.
Rumours swirled among market participants that Japan may have stepped in overnight and in Tokyo on Friday.
He also worked in the Virginia attorney general's office.
Police spokesman Brig. Gen. Edward Aritonang confirmed Saturday that another two had been arrested, one in Jakarta and another in Magelang, Central Java.
We think that the United States of America should support the free speech of all groups, Mr. White said, objecting to Mr. Olson's recommendation.
Mr Bolland said: I was astonished at Sir Michael's question.
Five foreign embassies, including the Singapore embassy in Bangkok, were among those targeted, the Singapore statement said.
Altria shares fell 2.2 percent or 96 cents to $42.72 and were the Dow's biggest percentage loser.
An animal rights group waited Friday to find out if it has succeeded in putting a stop to a state-sponsored program allowing hunters to shoot wolves from airplanes in Alaska.
Analysts had forecast second quarter sales of $614 million, according to the Thomson First Call Web site.
Earlier in the evening, the mother, whom authorities did not identify, had brought her daughter to the bank after a doctor's appointment.
Thomas was joined in full by Rehnquist, and in parts by O'Connor and Scalia.
John Heine, a spokesman for the commission in Washington, declined to comment on Mr. Spitzer's criticism.
Kaichen appeared Wednesday in federal court on two bank robbery charges.
We will clearly modify some features of our plans as well as their administration, Mr. Reed said in his letter.
The English star was expected to be discharged from the hospital soon, said Jackie Green, a spokeswoman for the show's press agent.
The show's closure affected third-quarter earnings per share by a penny.
Revenue rose 5.4 percent to $45.9 billion from $43.6 billion a year ago.
His first Father's Day as a dad, his first major as a champion.
But August sales were revised to a 1.2 percent increase from a previously reported 0.6 percent gain, fuelling a dollar rally.
Perkins also had a $200,000 buyout clause in his contract.
I'm going to try to march with a number of different groups, Bloomberg said.
Peck died peacefully at his Los Angeles home early Thursday with his wife of 48 years, Veronique, by his side.
That saw the benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR slip 5/32 in price, taking its yield to 3.36 percent from 3.34 percent late on Thursday.
R&D spending is expected to be $4.4 billion for the year, as compared to the previous expectation of $4.3 billion.
Malvo's lawyers have presented an insanity defense, saying brainwashing by convicted sniper John Allen Muhammad left Malvo incapable of knowing right from wrong.
The second rover is scheduled for launch on June 25 and both will arrive at Mars in January.
We are keeping an open mind, said Sergeant Magee.
Dennehy, who transferred to Baylor last year after getting kicked off the University of New Mexico Lobos for temper tantrums, had begun to read the Bible daily.
Revenue in the most-recent quarter rose 5.4 percent to $45.9 billion.
If accepted by the judge, Grass' plea will leave Rite Aid's former vice chairman and chief counsel, Franklin C. Brown, to stand trial alone next month.
The battle around VeriSigns three-week-old Site Finder service rages on.
In May 2002, LCDs accounted for only 22 percent of monitor sales.
Hewlett-Packard Co.
HPQ.N , the No. 2 computer maker, rose 41 cents, or 2.4 percent, to $17.29.
In the second quarter last year, AK Steel reported a profit of $16.2 million, or 15 cents a share.
The Nasdaq composite index fell 2.95, or 0.2 percent, for the week to 1,912.36 after stumbling 37.78 yesterday.
The affidavit said British customs officials stopped al-Amoudi at Heathrow Airport last month when he was attempting to travel to Damascus, Syria.
Several passing vehicles and an adjacent shop were also damaged in the explosion.
Sir Wilfred Thesiger, writer, explorer and chronicler of the world's vanishing ways of life, has died at age 93.
Their findings were published Monday in Circulation: The Journal of the American Heart Association.
Palm expects to move Handspring's employees to Palm Solutions headquarters in Milpitas, Calif.
BAT BATS.L also said Managing Director Paul Adams would step up to chief executive from January 1, 2004, to ease the transition.
Their groundbreaking contributions commercialize technologies, create jobs, improve productivity and stimulate the nation's growth and development.
In 2006, the group says the market will rebound 29.6 percent to $21.3 billion in sales.
While Mr. Qurei is widely respected and has a long history of negotiating with the Israelis, he cannot expect such a warm welcome.
A county firefighter, was struck by lightning and was in stable condition at Frankfort Regional Medical Center.
Well, first of all, a lot of these are made up stories, Mr. Schwarzenegger said.
AAA spokesman Jerry Cheske said prices may have affected some plans, but cheap hotel deals mitigated the effect.
The show's creator and executive producer, Phil Rosenthal, quipped in a statement: We had a big contract negotiation.
Sherpa Tenzing Norgay, who reached the summit with Sir Edmund, died in 1986.
Shattered Glass,starring Hayden Christensen as Stephen Glass, debuted well with $80,000 in eight theaters.
Ukrainian President Leonid Kuchma today cut short a visit to Latin America as a bitter border wrangle between Ukraine and Russia deteriorates further.
Tomorrow at the Mission Inn, I have the opportunity to congratulate the governor-elect of the great state of California.
For me, the Lewinsky imbroglio seemed like just another vicious scandal manufactured by political opponents, according to extracts leaked yesterday.
At one point in the chain, a wholesaler would sell the questionable drugs to one of three huge national companies that supply virtually all drugs in this country.
On Tuesday, before Byrd's speech, Fleischer said Bush wanted ''to see an aircraft landing the same way that the pilots saw an aircraft landing.
The consumer group generated $4.47 billion of profit and $20 billion of revenue from January to June, 53% of Citigroup's profit and revenue.
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR jumped 20/32, taking its yield to 4.14 percent from 4.18 percent.
As they wound through police barricades to the funeral home, many chanted Celia, Celia and sang snippets of her songs.
They are obviously hurting so we are basically going over there to help them, Russell, 46, said.
Full classes of 48 are booked through September, he said, and the Transportation Security Administration plans to double its classes in January.
Defense attorney William Rork said he thought Walker would ask him to appeal Parrish's ruling to a higher state court and perhaps U.S. District Court.
Harris also appears in the tape released Wednesday by the Jefferson County Sheriff's Office.
Oracle shares were also higher, trading up 12 cents at $13.60.
Federal agents said Friday they are investigating the theft of 1,100 pounds of an explosive chemical from construction companies in Colorado and California in the past week.
BT said the combination would have an immediate impact on subscriptions with 60,000 additional customers between September and March, 2004.
The euro was at 1.5276 versus the Swiss franc , up 0.2 percent on the session, after hitting its highest since mid-2001 around 1.5292 earlier in the session.
Opponents of the ban also are planning a protest rally at City Hall tomorrow at 1 p.m. to coincide with the scheduled start of the state ban.
Russian stocks fell after the arrest last Saturday of Mikhail Khodorkovsky, chief executive of Yukos Oil, on charges of fraud and tax evasion.
He plans to have dinner with troops at Kosovo's U.S. military headquarters, Camp Bondsteel.
The pilot decided to fly to Kennedy, which has longer runways than Newark Airport.
The House passed the bill 87-26 after the Senate approved it, 32-4.
The technology is available for download on the Microsoft Developer Network (MSDN) site.
The rest said they had no affiliation or belonged to another party.
With Internet usage and broadband adoption continuing to escalate, marketers are throwing their weight and dollars behind interactive advertising, said IAB President and CEO Greg Stuart.
The Queens man arrested for allegedly threatening to shoot City Councilman Hiram Monserrate was held on $100,000 bail Saturday, a spokesman for the Queens district attorney said.
The 13-year veteran has passed for 21,438 yards and 118 touchdowns with 67 interceptions.
The spacecraft is scheduled to blast off between next Wednesday and Friday from a launching site in the Gobi Desert.
Evidence suggests two victims were taken by surprise, while the others may have tried to flee or perhaps defend themselves or their friends, police said.
The Rev. Christopher J. Coyne, spokesman for the archdiocese, wouldn't comment Friday.
Right from the beginning, we didn't want to see anyone take a cut in pay.
Shares of Express Scripts ESRX.O fell about 4 percent to $66.73 on the Nasdaq in late morning trade.
Wal-Mart said it would check all of its million-plus domestic workers to ensure they were legally employed.
In the first quarter of 2003, AMD reported a net loss of $146 million, or 42 cents per share, on sales of $715 million.
Microsoft has won a patent for an instant messaging feature that notifies users when the person they are communicating with is typing a message.
Second-quarter results reflected a gain of 10 cents per diluted share, while the 2002 results included a loss of 19 cents per diluted share.
Russian Yuri Malenchenko, American Edward Lu and Pedro Duque of Spain landed in their Soyuz TMA-2 capsule at 0240 GMT.
He is roughly halfway to his goal of raising between $150 million and $170 million in the primaries.
Mark Kaiser, vice-president of marketing, and Tim Lee, vice-president of purchasing, were dismissed last week.
Amnesty International said that over the past 20 years it had collected information about 17,000 disappearances in Iraq.
Physicians who perform the procedure would face up to two years in prison, under the bill.
Al-Qaida, the terror network led by Saudi-born bin Laden and blamed for the Sept.
11, 2001 attacks on the United States, has been linked to both cases.
After he was led into the execution chamber and strapped to a gurney, Swisher raised his head and appeared to smile as his spiritual adviser spoke to him.
His protest led to a 47-hour standoff with police that caused huge traffic jams in downtown Washington and northern Virginia.
The poll conducted between Oct.
24 and Nov.
2 had a margin of error of 2 percentage points.
The House passed a similar measure by a wide margin on Sept.
9.
The WiFi potties were to be unveiled this summer, at music festivals in Britain.
O'Donnell wrote in her autobiography, Find Me, that she was an abused child.
Ballmer has been vocal in the past warning that Linux is a threat to Microsoft.
The warning was the most serious the 15-nation bloc has sent Iran since they began negotiating a trade and cooperation agreement late last year.
He said the ferry's crew will be interviewed and tested for drugs and alcohol.
Papandreou said EU leaders would discuss the appointment of Bank of France governor Jean-Claude Trichet as president of the European Central Bank on Thursday or Friday.
Martha Stewart shares fell $2.03, about 18 percent, to $9.17 and were the NYSE's biggest percentage loser.
With these assets, Funny Cide has a solid chance to become the first Triple Crown winner since Affirmed in 1978.
Only a big surge in consumer confidence has interrupted the bleak economic news.
Before yesterday, 19 firefighters assigned to wildfires had died on duty this year, said Tracey Powers, spokeswoman for the National Interagency Fire Center in Boise.
At least 7000 computers were affected by Parson's worm, Assistant US Attorney Paul Luehr said.
The Interior Minister, Al Mustapha Sahel, said the investigation points to a group that has been arrested recently, an apparent reference to Djihad Salafist.
Kerkorian and Tracinda had also tried to take over Chrysler in 1995.
Lamo had told reporters he would surrender to the FBI on the federal courthouse steps in Sacramento on Friday, but he didn't show up.
Tom Kraynak, manager of operations and resources for the Canton, Ohio-based East Central Area Reliability Council, said that scenario is one among many that investigators are considering.
Garner said self-proclaimed Baghdad mayor Mohammed Mohsen Zubaidi was released 48 hours after his detention in late April.
PDC will also almost certainly reignite speculation about release dates of Microsoft's new products.
The case decided Monday centered around an Illinois fund-raiser, Telemarketing Associates.
I was surprised it turned out me talking and the president just listening.
British-based GlaxoSmithKline Plc said earlier this year it would cut off supplies to Canadian drugstores that ship to the United States.
Dell's Personal All-in-One A920 is an entry-level device that combines printer, scanner and copier functions for $89.
I am advised that certain allegations of criminal conduct have been interposed against my counsel J. Michael Boxley, Silver said.
Even the pizza man took part, delivering a flier with the missing girl's picture along with the pizza and a two-liter bottle of Pepsi to Cruz's house.
In Kingston, only about 15 percent of students who took the exam passed it.
It is the nation's first large-scale counterterrorism exercise since the Sept.
11 terrorist attacks.
The rapper's lawyer, Mark Gann, didn't return calls for comment.
No data exists to indicate that the situation with repair stations poses a safety concern.
He left the army for Syria where he received religious training.
The Illinois Supreme Court dismissed the case.
Nelson stared down referee Joey Crawford during a timeout with 2:46 left in the first quarter and San Antonio leading 26-16.
Mr. Bergonzi was the chief financial officer from 1995 until his departure, and was intimately involved in many of the alleged schemes to pump up Rite Aid's earnings.
If convicted, he faces a maximum penalty of 10 years in prison and a $250,000 fine.
The fire calmed down considerably overnight, then it rained, said Andy Lyon, spokesman for the fire south of the city.
Four men were arrested and have been charged with attempted murder, torture, rape, assault, armed robbery and burglary.
It was better under Saddam...The war did nothing for us, said 28-year-old Mushtaq Talib, a job-seeking army deserter, when asked what message he would give to Powell.
This is the only planet that has been found in orbit around a binary star system.
The government recently added the word 'Taiwan' in English to the cover of its new passports, a move slammed by Beijing.
They said the child was taken to Nassau County Medical Center for observation.
A 32-count indictment strikes at one of the very top targets in the drug trafficking world, U.S. Attorney Marcos Jimenez said.
If the MTA's appeal to a higher court is successful, the $2 bus and subway base fare won't be rolled back.
Experts say the delay will give Luna his best chance of reuniting with L Pod, his family, Thibault said.
The Nasdaq composite index rose 16.74, or 1 percent, to 1,650.75.
The European Commission, the EU's powerful executive body, described the move as legally unwarranted, economically unfounded and politically unhelpful.
Jakarta has boosted the number of troops and police in the resource-rich province in recent weeks from 38,000 to more than 45,000.
Gainers included Dow components AT&T, which rose 77 cents to $21.27, and Johnson & Johnson, which increased 95 cents to $53.95.
The network is also dropping its Friday night Dateline edition.
Pressed for details, Mr Warner said: All six of them are dead, we were told by Harold and his group.
Less than 20 percent of Boise's sales would come from making lumber and paper after the OfficeMax purchase is complete, assuming those businesses aren't sold.
That would represent an increase of some 10 per cent from the year before, it added.
Authorities in Alabama said the passage of time, and the transfer or retirement of some investigators, has not hurt their case.
EDS reported a first-quarter loss of $126 million, or 26 cents per share.
One, Capt. Doug McDonald, remained hospitalized in critical condition on Thursday.
Prosecutors said there is no question Waagner was behind the letters, which were sent at the same time that real anthrax attacks were killing people in 2001.
Aside from meeting Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao on the sidelines of the Forum, Mr Goh also met Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf and Tajikistan President Emomali Sharipovich Rakhmonov.
He called on Prime Minister John Howard to establish a royal commission on child sex abuse.
If they want to replace 11i with PeopleSoft, now that would make sense.
The study is being published today in the journal Science.
Most of those killed were labourers from Jharkhand and Nepal who were working at Rohtang tunnel.
Begg and Abbasi feature on an initial list of six detainees who could be tried by the military tribunal.
The PG-13 sequel 2 Fast 2 Furious raked in an estimated $52.1 million during its opening weekend, jumping over last weekend's catch, Finding Nemo.
It's one of the nicer rounds I have ever played and the best chance I have ever had of a 59.
In fact, said John Logsdon, a board member and George Washington University expert on space policy, human spaceflight had become a place where dissent was not welcome.
The blast occurred at 5 a.m. in the capital's Al-Bayaa district, police said.
Its maker, MedImmune Inc., based in Gaithersburg, made 4 million to 5 million doses this year.
There were 293 human cases of West Nile in Indiana in 2002, including 11 deaths statewide.
Hussein's other son, Uday, surrendered yesterday, but the Americans are keeping it quiet because he's a US agent.
The jury verdict, reached Wednesday after less than four hours of deliberation, followed a 2 week trial, during which Waagner represented himself.
No official ceremony was planned to mark the anniversary in Dallas.
A verbal flare-up between Keating and Mahony began when the cardinal initially refused to participate in that survey unless procedures were changed.
Things go wrong, U.S. Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham said Wednesday at the Department of Energy.
The Hispanic population increased by 9.8per cent from the April 2000 census figures, despite less favourable social and economic conditions than in the 1990s.
Peterson, a former fertilizer salesman, is charged with murder in the deaths of his 27-year-old wife and the baby boy she was carrying.
Barbini said the EU may reach a compromise but it wants a system for labeling such foods, something the industry has resisted.
She was surrounded by about 50 women who have had abortions but now regret doing so.
But while the prime minister's trial judders to a halt, his co-defendants in the same case are not protected.
The Williams-Mauresmo winner will play the winner of the match between Justine Henin-Hardenne and Chanda Rubin.
I'm really excited about going to Cleveland, James told ESPN.com.
Nancy Reagan issued a statement last week to the Fox News Channel saying, The timing of [the miniseries] is absolutely staggering to me.
Its attackers had to launch their strike from hundreds of metres away, with a makeshift rocket launcher disguised as a portable electric generator.
The report added that spin and manipulative public relations are not the answer, but that neither is avoiding the debate.
But Peterson added, I dont know anybody in the conference committee whos fighting to keep it out completely.
JAPAN added to growing international pressure on Burma yesterday, threatening to halt its hefty economic aid unless the military government released pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi.
She says the King County medical examiner's office has confirmed the remains are human.
A $500 million coal-fired power plant, for example, could replace $100 million in equipment yearly without adding new pollution controls.
From California, Bush flies to Japan on Thursday, followed by visits to the Philippines, Thailand, Singapore, Indonesia and Australia before returning home on Oct.
24.
IBM ranked second with 24 percent share there, and Microsoft ranked third.
Kenneth Supreme McGriff was sentenced to 37 months in prison for illegally possessing a handgun as a convicted felon at a firing range in Maryland.
American has laid off 6,500 of its Missouri employees since Dec.
31, according to Driskill.
The Tarrant County Medical Examiner's Office has identified the deceased passengers at the scene as Angel Melena, 25, and Narcisco Del-Angel Lozano, 34.
He plans to announce the effort formally tomorrow in Cincinnati alongside several union presidents.
Jewish and Muslim leaders objected to the proposals, which were never approved.
Sony Ericsson also said it would shut down its GSM/UMTS R&D center in Munich, Germany, to increase profitability.
The House would limit the increases to troops serving in Iraq and Afghanistan, not to those supporting the nation's war efforts from bases outside the combat zone.
Microsoft favors setting up independent e-mail trust authorities to establish and maintain commercial email guidelines, certify senders who follow the guidelines, and resolve customer disputes.
PC-related products were the strongest sector in July, with microprocessors up 5.6% and DRAMs up 8.2% from June, the industry group said.
The two Democrats on the five-member FCC held a press conference to sway opinion against Powell and the two other Republicans on the panel.
The Federal Open Market Committee will end its two-day policy-setting meeting and announce its decision on Wednesday.
Altria Group Inc.
MO.N fell 50 cents, or 1.2 percent, to $41.81.
Ross Garber, Rowland's lawyer, said Tuesday he would attend the meeting and would ask to speak on the issue.
I didn't think our team engaged at all, lamented Anaheim coach Mike Babcock.
Peterson was arrested near Torrey Pines Golf Course in La Jolla on April 18, the day DNA testing identified the bodies.
The 4th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in Richmond, Va., released the edited transcript of a closed hearing June 3, which followed a public proceeding.
Circuit Judge LeRoy Millette said it has been clearly shown that such a change of venue is necessary to ensure a fair and impartial trial.
The company said it would cut the wholesale price of most top-line CDs to $9.09 from $12.02.
It's hard to believe that we live in a society where parents wouldn't be notified of an abortion, which is a very profound decision.
In early afternoon trading, the Dow Jones industrial average was up 7.58, or 0.1 percent, at 9,381.79.
Two Japanese diplomats were also killed in an ambush near Tikrit, according to the Japanese Foreign Ministry.
Associated Press Writer Curt Anderson at the Justice Department in Washington, D.C., contributed to this story.
Analysts surveyed by First Call were expecting sales of $723 million and a loss of 28 cents a share.
Production for the second quarter was cut to 46 million barrels from 48 million barrels.
People who once thought their blood pressure was fine actually may be well on their way to hypertension under new U.S. guidelines published on Wednesday.
But none of them opposed the idea outright, ministers said.
He took batting practice on the field for the second time Tuesday since his opening-day injury.
On Thursday, Long heard arguments from both sides.
Campaign officials said the moves may have been a source of some friction with Fowler.
Bush turned out a statement yesterday thanking the commission for its work, and said, Our journey into space will go on.
Evans is also the vice-chairman of the Federal Chief Information Officers Council.
I think we should hesitate, Olympia Snowe, R-Maine, said at a Senate Commerce Committee hearing.
Reloaded is the second installment of a trilogy; The Matrix Revolutions is slated for debut in November.
Selenski's partner in the Friday jailbreak, Scott Bolton, was injured in the escape and hospitalized.
Two more bodies were seen floating down the river on Thursday, but could not be retrieved due to the strong currents, local reporters said.
The resolution was approved with no debate by delegates at the bar association's annual meeting here.
The first time in 1999 was when Bashir replaced JI's former leader, Abdullah Sungkar, who had died.
The state wants to kill the wolves in approximately a 1,700-square-mile area near McGrath to establish a moose nursery of sorts.
Shares of Corixa rose 54 cents, or about 8 percent, to close at $7.74.
Parrado remained on a Coast Guard cutter Wednesday as officials determined his status and immediate future, the Coast Guard said.
Five 17-year-olds have been charged with robbery and impersonating a police officer.
Razali Ismail met for 90 minutes with Suu Kyi, a 1991 winner of the Nobel Peace Prize, at her lakeside home, where she is under house arrest.
At least 27 US troops have been killed in hostile fire since Bush's statement.
Downer originally said the 14 Kurds had not asked to be considered as refugees when they arrived in a boat off Melville Island last week.
While the rest of America grapples with an economic downturn, recession has become a permanent way of life for much of rural America.
Chief Executive Rod Eddington is to meet the three unions separately on Monday afternoon.
Daniel said D'Antonio left between 7:15 p.m. and 8 p.m and it takes about two hours to drive from his home to Nashville.
Rudolph ate here, joked a sign outside one restaurant.
Civilian reservists also could be sent overseas for jobs such as reconstruction in Afghanistan and Iraq, working in positions from translator to truck driver.
My view is these al-Qaeda terrorists - and I believe it was al-Qaeda - would prefer to have many such events.
Last week, his lawyers asked Warner to grant clemency under conditions that would have lead to a new sentencing hearing.
Enron spokesman Eric Thode declined to comment on the mediation order.
While Qureia is respected and has a history of negotiating with the Israelis, a warm welcome is not expected.
The first biotechnology treatment for asthma, the constriction of the airways that affects millions around the world, received approval from the US Food and Drug Administration yesterday.
Some E.P.A. staff members defended the document, saying that although pared down it would still help policy makers and the agency address the climate issue.
Chief Executive Mickey Robinson was fired for cause in September, the company said last month.
If it's the Sunday night before Comdex, it must be time for yet another Bill Gates keynote.
In addition, 6,800 people were in quarantine and thousands of health-care workers in working quarantine.
He said he had told the state police to execute a search warrant but stop if they encountered resistance.
Other businesses are volunteering to put the alerts on their electronic signs and billboards.
Barbini's comments came Tuesday, the second day of the Ministerial Conference and Expo on Agricultural Science and Technology.
Peterson, 31, is now charged with murder in the deaths of his 27-year-old wife and their unborn son.
Netgear prices the WGT634U Super Wireless Media Router, which will be available in the first quarter of 2004, at under $200.
Aspen Technology's shares dropped 74 cents, or 23 percent, to close at $2.48 on the Nasdaq.
By 10 p.m., Claudette was centered about 320 miles east of Brownsville, with maximum sustained winds of 65 mph, 9 mph shy of hurricane strength.
It's nasty, said JoAnn Marquis, visiting with her husband from Salem, Mass.
After what happened here .
The biggest cut ordered was for Hanover Lloyds Insurance Co. -- 31 percent.
Dusenbery's fiancee, Jessica Wheat, said he was considering settling down in Fort Campbell and making the Army his career.
The support will come as a free software upgrade called WebVPN for current customers that have support contracts.
Instead of pursuing the most imminent and real threats – international terrorism – this Bush administration chose to settle old scores, Mr. Graham said.
Both markets rallied last week on bets the Fed will lower rates at its next meeting June 24 and 25.
The cradle for the h2200 has space for recharging a second battery.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC eased 8.52 points, or 0.51 percent, to 1,670.21.
The shootings happened at 5:30 a.m. in the living room of the home that the extended family shared on Gary's west side.
At first blush, it doesn't look like any rules were broken, said Gen. Richard Myers, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff.
Two CIA operatives have been killed in an ambush in Afghanistan, the CIA said yesterday.
Mr Barschak was arrested on suspicion of burglary, which covers unauthorised entry.
Excluding one-time items, the company enjoyed a profit of 6 cents a share.
The NAFTA ruling confirms that Canadian producers dump lumber into the U.S. market, said Rusty Wood, chairman of the Coalition for Fair Lumber Imports.
Istomin later married Casals' widow, Marta, after Casals' death in 1973.
The American decision provoked an angry reaction from the European Commission, which described the move as legally unwarranted, economically unfounded and politically unhelpful.
In September, Hewlett-Packard signed a development and marketing deal with the company.
PeopleSoft's board has recommended stockholders reject the offer.
Garner said Iraq's reconstruction was not as difficult as he had expected -- mainly because the war caused less infrastructure damage and fewer refugees than anticipated.
Sovereign shares closed on the New York Stock Exchange at $15.68, down 74 cents, or 4.5 percent.
IBM is pursuing membership and plans to be an active participant in the CELF, according to various members of CELF.
Last year, Congress passed similar, though less expensive, buyout legislation for peanut farmers, ending that Depression-era program.
Michel, who has stayed in the new government, denied that it was U.S. pressure which had provoked the government's move.
The state is setting up relief services and mobile communications after power was wiped out in the town.
But for a meaningful dialogue to begin, cross-border terrorism should end and its infrastructure should be dismantled.
At least 23 U.S. troops have been killed by hostile fire since Bush declared major combat in Iraq to be over on May 1.
Merrill neither admitted to nor denied wrongdoing in the accord.
Tampering with medicine apparently was so lucrative, investigators said, that many of the suspects lived in million-dollar homes.
The rally overshadowed ceremonies marking the sixth anniversary of Hong Kong's return to China on 1 July 1997.
The dead woman was also wearing a ring and a Cartier watch.
Tehran has made clear it will only sign the Additional Protocol introducing such inspections if a ban on the import of civilian Western nuclear technology is lifted.
Shares of McDonald's and Wendy's continued their recent recovery Monday, rising more than 1 percent on the New York Stock Exchange in afternoon trade.
Police arrested a potential suspect Monday in the case of a nine-year-old girl who turned up safe two days after being violently abducted from her home.
The pill, which they call the polypill, would contain aspirin, a cholesterol-lowering drug, three blood pressure-lowering drugs at half the standard dose and folic acid.
U.S. corporate bond yield spreads opened tighter overall on Tuesday, but tobacco company bonds widened significantly after an adverse legal ruling on Philip Morris USA.
He frequently criticizes the press, especially reporters and news organizations that reported on leaks from investigators.
Hurricane warnings were posted Friday along parts of the lower Texas coast as Tropical Storm Erika sped across the Gulf of Mexico and headed for landfall.
Hampton Township is a few miles northeast of Bay City, about 100 miles away.
The news service reports wages among all nongovernment workers rose an average 2.7 percent from July 2002 through June 2003, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics.
Nationally, the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention recorded 4,156 cases of West Nile, including 284 deaths.
Under the legislation, a physician who performs the procedure could face up to two years in prison.
A new study, conducted in Europe, found the medicine worked just as well as an earlier disputed study, sponsored by ImClone Systems, said it did.
Hispanics, the fastest growing ethnic group in the US, have overtaken blacks to become the largest minority in the US, according to newly released government figures.
In 2001 and 2002, wire transfers from 4 of the company's 40 accounts totaled more than $3.2 billion, prosecutors said.
Mahmud was seized near Tikrit, the area from which he and Saddam hail, about 150 kilometres north-west of Baghdad, US military officials said.
Other retailers that will be affected are Argos, part of GUS, and privately owned Littlewoods.
He said that it would be ''very difficult'' to establish a cause of death.
The industry censor forbade the sexual innuendo contained in the play and would not allow the characters to sleep together.
The House would limit the increases to those troops in the Iraq and Afghanistan combat zones, but not troops supporting those war efforts from bases outside the combat zone.
The spacecraft is scheduled to blast off as early as tomorrow or as late as Friday from the Jiuquan launching site in the Gobi Desert.
Greenspan is head of the U.S. central bank, which sets U.S. interest rates.
But police say the driver of the truck has not been found and is wanted for questioning.
In response, Medina issued the following statement: The accusation that I misappropriated money from Jennifer Lopez is both untrue and offensive.
Writing safe programs that demonstrate an infection vector is adequate without building in the reproductive sequences.
The company didn't detail the costs of the replacement and repairs.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index rose 17.33 points, or 1.07 percent, to 1,640.13.
They were at Raffles Hospital over the weekend for further evaluation.
Prime Minister Abbas, we are facing a new opportunity today, a better future for both peoples, Mr Sharon said.
He has also directed The Flintstones, Beethoven, and Jingle All The Way.
It also added that both proposals would allow Vivendi Uni to maintain a substantial minority interest in a U.S. media corporation with excellent growth potential.
The victim, who was not identified, was taken to Kings County Hospital where he was pronounced dead.
The commission dropped charges that Patton improperly appointed Conner to the Kentucky Lottery Board and that he improperly appointed Conner's then-husband, Seth, to the Agriculture Development Board.
This sale is part of our efforts to simplify our Foodservice Products business and improve its cost structure, said Gary Costley, Multifoods chairman and chief executive.
Germany's Foreign Ministry said it believed the passengers were from the northern states of Lower Saxony and Schleswig-Holstein, but had no further details.
SEIU President Andrew Stern said the unions are totally comfortable with Dean's positions.
The epidemic began in November in the mainland's Guangdong province, but the People's Republic of China refused to report truthfully about its spread for four months.
We will clearly modify some features of our plans as well as their administration, Reed said in his letter.
Parson is charged with one count of intentionally causing damage to a protected computer.
The legislation opens the way for police and other personnel to be deployed to the Solomons and to carry out law enforcement functions.
Because of the accounting charge, the company now says it lost $1.04 billion, or 32 cents a share, in the quarter ended June 30.
Two of the six people who testified before Congress Wednesday were engaged in a bitter dispute about airing Yankees games.
U.S. Capitol Police evacuated the Capitol yesterday after a sensor detected a possible biohazard in the Senate wing, but authorities later said it was a false alarm.
The health ministers also announced plans for healthy living and tobacco control strategies.
Seven Air Force Academy cadets face punishment for drinking with two high school girls in the latest incident to embarrass the academy.
Ms Lanier's first heart tumour was removed from the upper part of her heart in 1997, returning in 1999, in 2001 and again this year.
Feral's group was behind a successful tourism boycott about a decade ago that resulted in then-Gov.
Walter J. Hickel imposing a moratorium on wolf control in 1992.
TEGA is the product of University of Arizona planetary scientist William Boynton, co-investigator on the Phoenix mission.
Both Counterpane and iDefense contend that the exploit works effectively against Windows 2000 systems running Service Pack 3 and 4.
See the complete list of VH1's '100 Greatest Songs of the Past 25 Years.
This morning, at UM's New York office, Coen revised his expectations downward, saying that spending would instead rise 4.6 percent to $247 billion.
The woman was exposed to the SARS virus while in the hospital but was not a health care worker, said Dr. Colin D’Cunha, Ontario’s commissioner of public health.
Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi said Mr Ota deserved to be criticised.
Advertising revenue at the FT newspaper was down 18 percent in the first half and circulation was down 5 percent.
Defense lawyers cannot appeal the ruling until after trial, in the appellate courts.
The only announced Republican to replace Davis is Rep. Darrell Issa of Vista, who has spent $1.71 million of his own money to force a recall.
His wife said he was 100 percent behind George Bush and looked forward to using his years of training in the war.
For the third time in the past four years, wildfires are the problem.
Mrs. Clinton said she was incredulous that he would endanger their marriage and family.
The ISM noted that with the exception of March 2003, growth in business activity has been reported by ISM members every month beginning with February 2002.
The per-share earnings were 4 cents per share higher than the expectations of analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call.
The helicopter burst into flames upon impact, according to the Mohave County Sheriff's Office.
So far, however, only four companies have licensed the protocols, according to the report to the judge yesterday.
The dollar gained against the euro, yen and Swiss franc after September U.S. retail sales figures came in slightly weaker than consensus forecasts.
Handspring's shareholders will receive 0.09 Palm shares (and no shares of PalmSource) for each share of Handspring common stock they own.
Former Phipps aides Linda Saunders and Bobby McLamb have both pleaded guilty to federal charges including extortion.
We intend to appeal vigorously and still expect to be vindicated ultimately.
U.S. Capitol Police Chief Terrance Gainer said the incident resulted from two staff members bringing in Halloween costumes.
GlaxoSmithKline, the UK drugmaker, has said it would cut off supplies to Canadian stores shipping drugs to the US.
The death of al-Ghozi signals that terrorists will never get far in the Philippines, Arroyo said in a statement on Monday.
If it ain't broke, don't fix it, said Senate Minority Leader Tom Daschle, D-S.D.
I don't see much broken.
During the same quarter last year, EDS declared a profit of $354 million, or 72 cents per share.
Oak Brook, IL-based McDonalds is expected to launch several hundred restaurants by year's end.
Friends of Animals president Priscilla Feral said she would spend the weekend considering the possibility of further legal action.
The couple left behind two boys, Robert, 6, and Michael, 10.
Ms Pike also said it was not unusual for hospitals to go into deficit, but the Government would ensure they remained viable.
The California Farm Bureau did not immediately have an official response to Tuesday's ruling.
Prime Minister Abbas, we are facing a new opportunity today, a better future for both peoples, Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said after Tuesday's meeting.
When the manager let him in the apartment, Brianna was in her mother's bedroom lying in a baby's bathtub, covered with a towel and watching cartoons.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index was up 9.69 points, or 0.98 percent, at 994.53.
A judge branded Mohammed Dica's behaviour despicable and added: There is no evidence of your remorse.
Shaklee spokeswoman Jenifer Thompson referred all calls to the FBI.
BellSouth added 111,000 DSL customers during the quarter to reach a total of 1.3m subscribers.
From the top of the embankment, Moriarty thought, He'll be swept over any minute or just die of the cold.
Around the same time, hospital officials in and near Chicago will notice a sudden increase in people complaining of flu-like symptoms.
Elsewhere in the diary, Truman showed a more familiar side, colorful and outspoken in his disdain for life in the White House.
Druce will face murder charges, Conte said.
In 1995, Schwarzenegger expanded the program nationwide to serve 200,000 children in 15 cities, most who come from housing projects or homeless shelters.
ICANN has criticised the changes and asked VeriSign to voluntarily suspend them.
The benchmark 10-year note was recently down 17/32, to yield 4.067 percent.
In Iraq, Sen. Pat Roberts (R-Kan.), chairman of the intelligence committee, said on CNN's Late Edition yesterday, we're now fighting an anti-guerrilla . . . effort.
The four were remanded in custody and will appear before the magistrate's court again on July 8.
A power cut in New York in 1977 left 9 million people without electricity for up to 25 hours.
The board's final report, which is expected in late August, will stop short of assigning individual blame for the accident .
The April 19, 1995, bombing came on the second anniversary of the end of the Branch Davidian siege in Waco, Texas.
An Alaska judge has rejected an attempt by an animal rights group to stop a state-sponsored program allowing hunters to shoot wolves from airplanes in Alaska.
The dollar rose 0.6 percent to 109.54 yen and climbed more than 1 percent to 1.3315 Swiss francs.
Michael Jackson is unequivocally and absolutely innocent of these charges, Geragos said.
The unions also staged a five-day strike in March; strikes have preceded eight of the last 10 contracts.
Just sitting around in a big base camp, knocking back cans of beer, I don't particularly regard as mountaineering, he added.
I was going to the court believing I could do this, only if I played my best tennis.
Our objective is to improve the nation's capacity to save lives in ... a terrorist event, including use of weapons of mass destruction, Ridge said.
Workers cleaning up a postal distribution center where four letters laced with anthrax had passed through two years ago planned to complete the fumigation operation early Sunday.
Jane Doe, deciding to fight the subpoena, asked Verizon to withhold her name.
If draining the ponds in Maryland will further help establish Steve's innocence, we welcome it.
No charges have been filed in those deaths, but prosecutor David Lupas said authorities were making progress in the case.
Three Cubans were executed for hijacking a Cuban ferry, and six more are scheduled to go on trial in Key West in December for a plane hijacking in March.
No charges have been filed in those deaths, but prosecutor David Lupas said authorities were making progress in the case.
He said the attackers left behind leaflets urging staff at the Ishtar Sheraton to stop working at the hotel and demanding U.S. forces leave Iraq.
Three Federal Reserve speakers and the Fed's anecdotal summary of U.S. economic conditions could help firm expectations.
Analysts polled by Thomson Financial First Call had been expected to see a loss of about 11 cents a share from continuing operations.
After 9/11, Connolly said, agents spent thousands of hours investigating al-Bayoumi.
Last week the power station’s US owners, AES Corp, walked away from the plant after banks and bondholders refused to accept its financial restructuring offer.
As of this week, 103 human West Nile cases in 45 counties had been reported to the health department.
There had been fears that the 35 year-old wouldn't be able to conceive after suffering two ectopic pregnancies and cancer of the uterus.
Such communication will help adult smokers make more informed choices, company vice president Richard Verheij told a separate hearing, before a House Energy and Commerce subcommittee.
The other 18 people inside the building -- two visitors and 16 employees, including Harrison's ex-girlfriend -- escaped unharmed, Aaron said.
Another brother, Ali Imron, was sentenced to life in prison after cooperating with investigators and showing remorse.
It is very difficult to do large syndicated loans in Japan, says one banker.
Winners will be announced in a June 8 ceremony broadcast on CBS from Radio City Music Hall.
The Dow Jones industrial average closed down 18.06, or 0.2 per cent, at 9266.51.
Joe Nichols captured new male vocalist honors, riding back-to-back hits The Impossible and Brokenheartedsville.
Another is investor disenchantment with US investments, leading them to pull out of US assets - selling dollars as they do so and driving the dollar exchange rate down.
Hovan did not wake up that day intending to hurt anyone, defense attorney John Speranza said.
The first stage of the malicious software began Monday, when the Lovsan worm began spreading around the world.
It reports a mailing list of 50,000 and support from about 500 congregations and 50 bishops.
US Airways Flight 5481, which crashed Jan.
8, was judged to be within 100 pounds of its maximum takeoff weight.
The FBI is trying to determine when White House officials and members of the vice president's staff focused on Wilson and learned about his wife's employment.
Moore has said he plans to appeal the matter to the U.S. Supreme Court.
After the deal SSE will sell on Midlands's power generation assets in Turkey and Pakistan to fellow UK utility International Power Plc for 21 million pounds.
Besides the fact that Americans want to be liked, she said, there is a huge cost when world opinion is negative to the United States.
A spokeswoman at Strong Memorial Hospital said Doud was in satisfactory condition Tuesday night.
On Jan.
1, Nikia Shanell Kilpatrick, who was pregnant, was found bound and strangled in her apartment.
Western and southwestern Germany were expected to see temperatures hit 38 C (100.4 F).
The stock lost some three quarters of its value after the initial February 24 bombshell disclosure.
Most of the alleged spammers engaged in fraudulent or deceptive practices, said Brad Smith, Microsoft's senior VP and general counsel.
Before it was removed, the site listed in broken English the rules for hackers who might participate.
I have acknowledged that I behaved inappropriately, he said.
Yesterday, Taiwan reported 65 new cases, its biggest one-day increase yet.
In a statement, Heyer said, Dan brings to Coca-Cola enormous experience in managing some of the world's largest and most familiar brands.
After about three hours of negotiations, the gunman released the hostages when authorities delivered on his request for a six-pack of soda.
Along with chipmaker Intel, the companies include Sony Corp., Microsoft Corp., Hewlett-Packard Co., IBM Corp., Gateway Inc. and Nokia Corp.
The NEA report, Status of the American Public School Teacher, aims to help education groups shape their agendas and mold the country's image of teachers.
She continued: Our research neither suggests nor indicates that PCO/PCOS causes lesbianism, only that PCO/PCOS is more prevalent in lesbian women.
The address made no mention of the role of terrorist organisation Jemaah Islamiyah, which was behind the attacks.
The PRC epidemic began in Guandong province in November, but the Communist Party government refused to report truthfully about its spread for four months.
New York has by far the country’s most expensive Medicaid program, costing taxpayers $7,646 per recipient, almost double the national average of $3,936.
The 5 a.m. blast occurred in the city's Al Bayaa district.
The Leading Economic Index finally points to a recovery, almost a year and a half after the end of the recession, Conference Board economist Ken Goldstein said.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 98.30, or 1.1 percent, while bond values fell, too.
Jim Williams, director of the US-VISIT project, said that by the middle of November, inspectors will be fingerprinting and photographing many foreign passengers arriving in Atlanta.
On Monday, China said nine more people had died from SARS and that 160 more were infected with the virus.
Hunt's attorneys filed a motion late Monday in Forsyth Superior Court to have Hunt's murder conviction thrown out.
Revenue in the second quarter ended June 29 was $645 million, up from $600 million a year ago.
Doctors hope rock singer Ozzy Osbourne, who is recovering from a quad bike crash, will begin breathing unassisted again soon, they said today.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX was 0.46 points lower, or 0.05 percent, at 997.02.
The transaction will grant Handspring stockholders 0.09 of a share of Palm--and no shares of PalmSource--for each share of Handspring common stock.
In an unusual move that critics contend could disrupt millions of Web sites, the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office is reconsidering a patent affecting Internet pages.
My judgment is 95 percent of that information could be declassified, become uncensored so the American people would know, Mr. Shelby said on NBC's Meet the Press.
Wyeth estimates that 1.2 million women continue to take Prempro pills, down from about 3.4 million before the study was halted last summer.
He beat testicular cancer that had spread to his lungs and brain.
Josephine Burke, who ran the unlicensed daycare, eventually served four months in prison on misdemeanor assault and child neglect charges.
A U.S. Court of Appeals Thursday ruled that Microsoft (Quote, Company Info) does not have to carry the Java programming language in its Windows operating system.
We have prevented a very large number of infections and a significant amount of clinical disease, Goodman said.
The device plays Internet radio streams and comes with a 30-day trial of RealNetworks' Rhapsody music service.
No Americans were reported among the casualties, according to Capt. Michael Calvert, a spokesman for the regiment.
EMC intends to operate Legato as a software division of EMC from Legato's current base in California.
This is the first time in the United States that five whales have been released simultaneously from a single stranding incident.
But its most popular comedy, Friends, will sign off after a two-hour finale next May.
Selenski descended down the wall and used the mattress to climb over razor wire.
Heatley underwent surgery Saturday for a broken jaw and an MRI found two torn ligaments in his right knee.
In April, it had forecast operating earnings in the range of 60 to 80 cents a share.
No matter who becomes the sponsor for stock-car racing's top series, NASCAR will need an all-star event, Wheeler said in a statement.
We're going to defend these charges in court, said Ira Lee Sorkin, Furst's attorney.
Closed sessions are routinely held at the United Nations tribunal that deals with Balkan war crimes, but usually to protect witnesses's safety.
The report by the Justice Department's inspector general found significant problems in the government's handling of foreigners who were jailed under blanket edicts adopted by the department after the attacks.
No. 2 HP saw its Unix server sales dropped 3.6 percent to $1.36 billion.
The discoveries came after a package bomb went off in the Bologna, Italy home of EU Commission President Romano Prodi on Sunday.
Dealers said the single currency's downward momentum may pick up speed should it break below $1.15.
Beaumont said he doesn't expect a rapturous welcome for Jackson if he goes ahead with his visit to England.
The shooter ran away, police said, eluding an officer who gave chase.
The two companies plan further analysis of the subset data and will discuss the results with regulatory agencies.
States of emergency were declared in North Carolina, Virginia, Washington DC, Maryland, West Virginia, Delaware, Pennsylvania and New Jersey.
Perry has since called two special legislative sessions to try force the redistricting plan through.
The U.S. State Department travel warning said the threat to aircraft by terrorists using shoulder-fired missiles continues in Kenya and includes Nairobi.
As of yesterday afternoon, 22 suspected cases had been reported in Wisconsin, 10 in Indiana and five in Illinois.
He has declined to comment on the charges, but court documents show that a lingering medical condition could contribute to his defense.
The suite includes a word processor, spreadsheet, presentation application (analogous to PowerPoint), and other components -- all built around the XML file format.
Mr Goh on his part, described the visit as especially important - given the SARS situation.
Speaking for the first time since being charged with child molestation, Jackson added, Why not?
Innocent or not, she's damaged goods, said Howard Davidowitz, chairman of Davidowitz & Associates, a national retail consulting firm in New York.
Wittig resigned last year after being indicted on federal bank fraud charges involving a real estate loan unrelated to Westar business.
Of course, I want to win again, but it is worse when you have never won because you are anxious, he said.
It would be cumbersome for restaurants that serve different meals each day, she said.
Joan B. Kroc, the billionaire widow of McDonald's founder Ray Kroc known for her philanthropy, died Sunday of brain cancer.
Malaysia has launched an aggressive media campaign over its water dispute with Singapore.
Berkshire Hathaway made profits of $1.7 billion in the first three months of this year alone, its best performance.
The seventh person charged in the case - Habis Abdu al Saoub - remains at large.
Against the dollar, the euro rose as high as $1.1535 -- a fresh four-year high -- in morning trade before standing at $1.1518/23 at 0215 GMT.
Coca-Cola said it expected its write-down to cut a quarter of a penny per share from second-quarter earnings.
As many as 1,200 students at Wheaton College will gather in the gym Friday night for the first real dance in the Christian school's 143-year history.
In morning trading on the New York Stock Exchange, Coca-Cola shares were down 34 cents at $43.67.
Mr. Jackson is not Muslim nor a member of the Nation of Islam.
If that ain't a Democrat, then I must be at the wrong meeting, he said to a standing ovation.
Mr. Malik assured him that he would be considered a martyr if he did not return, the witness testified.
Symantec Monday said it will acquire SSL VPN appliance provider Safeweb for $26 million in cash.
The two leaders said inter-Korean exchanges would be conducted in light of developments on the North Korean nuclear issue.
We are expending all available resources toward the investigation, said Assistant U.S. Attorney Todd Greenberg, a counterterrorism prosecutor in Seattle.
While it was being called mandatory, Dupont said authorities were not forcing people from their homes.
Defence lawyers sought to have those charges thrown out, claiming the Bali court had no jurisdiction over those crimes.
Taking the pill would lower the risk of heart attack by 88 percent and of stroke by 80 percent, the scientists said.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was down 25.36 points, or 1.53 percent, at 1,628.26.
Lewis, the WBC champion, can still fight June 21 at the Staples Center in Los Angeles against another opponent.
The March downturn was the only break in what has been broad growth in services for the past 15 months.
Of all personal vehicles, 57 percent are cars or station wagons, 21 percent are vans or sport utility vehicles and 19 percent are light trucks.
Dealers said the yen was also undermined by falling Japanese interest rates.
Large swells and dangerous surf already were being felt along sections of the coast.
The dividend, the company's second this calendar year, is payable on Nov.
7 to shareholders of record at the close of business Oct.
17.
He said he wasn't bothered by polls and that he would continue to do what he believed to be right, in both foreign and domestic policy.
U.S. forces struck dozens of targets on Monday, killing six guerrillas and arresting 99 others during 1,729 patrols and 25 raids conducted over 24 hours.
Rich media doubled its share, increasing from 3% in Q2 2002 to 6% in Q2 2003.
The committee will make recommendations to Publisher Arthur Sulzberger, Executive Editor Howell Raines and Managing Editor Gerald Boyd.
The department ordered an 18.2 percent reduction for Allstate Texas Lloyds and a 12 percent reduction for State Farm Lloyds.
And although the preconditions for recovery remain in place, it said the prospects for British exports were weaker than previously expected.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index was up 7.42 points, or 0.45 percent, at 1,653.44.
France, Russia, China and others had advocated a stronger U.N. role to give a U.S.-chosen Iraqi authority international legitimacy.
The president's campaign in 2000 set a standard for disclosure in political fund raising and the campaign will again in 2004, said Dan Ronayne, a campaign spokesman.
Keanu Reeves and Hugo Weaving in a scene from the motion picture The Matrix Revolutions.
The bomb exploded in Helmand province aboard a bus en route to the provincial capital, Lashkar Gah, according to news agency reports.
The state previously conducted two triple executions and two double executions, a practice it says is intended to reduce stress on the prison staff.
Senate Minority Leader Tom Daschle, D-S.D., is leading the opposition.
The tax is expected to raise $90 million.
Saddam's other son, Odai, surrendered Friday, but the Americans are keeping it quiet because he's a U.S. agent.
He was arrested Tuesday night at a northwest Atlanta tire shop after a national manhunt.
An investigation by BaFin, the German financial regulator, has condemned the bank's risk controls.
The bolt catcher is not as robust as it should be, said retired Navy Admiral Harold W. Gehman Jr., the board chairman.
Shareholders will get 0.86 PeopleSoft share, or $13.11, for each J.D. Edwards share, based on recent trading prices.
We acted because we saw the evidence in a dramatic new light - through the prism of our experience on 9-11.
It forecast 445 billion yen in loan-loss charges for the year ending next March.
Before the blast, Wells told police he had been forced to rob the bank and asked police to help him remove the bomb.
After a mechanic found 33 pounds of marijuana in a secret compartment, Rodriguez, who was at the auto shop, agreed they should notify police.
High-tech scam artists who think they can hijack the Internet should think again, Ashcroft said.
Klarman was arrested by FBI agents in the Hamptons, an exclusive summer resort enclave east of New York City.
Toronto yesterday had 64 probable cases of SARS and nine suspect cases.
In 1999 a California state senator proposed a law requiring motorists over the age of 75 to take driving tests to renew their licenses.
Grass is the second of the Rite Aid defendants to strike a deal with federal prosecutors this month.
It also hired Citigroup and Morgan Stanley to explore refinancing or restructuring of $175 million in senior notes due next year.
The news sent Cisco shares on a tear in after-hours trading.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index was off 11.64 points, or 0.60 percent, at 1,912.65.
The two countries agreed last week to hold their first diplomatic discussions in two years.
Several relatives of Australian victims of the attack sat in the front row of the court, but few Balinese attended the trial.
The FBI is trying to determine when White House officials and members of the vice president's staff first focused on Wilson and learned about his wife's employment at the CIA.
Gov. Bob Holden asked Bush to declare 39 Missouri counties disaster areas.
The currency briefly weakened slightly on Monday to trade at 55.34/39, not far from its record low of 55.75.
A news release from the office said the arrest was for an act of juvenile delinquency based on intentionally causing damage to protected computers.
The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has been gathering information on suspect cases.
Artists are worried the plan would harm those who need help most - performers who have a difficult time lining up shows.
Minister Saud al-Faisal's visit was disclosed Monday by two administration officials who discussed it on condition of not being identified by name.
Events on our system, in and of themselves, could not account for the widespread nature of the outage, FirstEnergy Chief Executive Peter Burg told the House panel.
According to the company, it will be the first handset to ship with the Smartphone 2003 version of Microsoft's (Nasdaq: MSFT) Windows Mobile software.
Proposition 34, a campaign financing initiative passed by the voters in 2000, limits fund-raising and spending by candidates for governor.
Search technology powerhouse Google has released a new beta of its popular toolbar for Internet Explorer, adding a pop-up blocker, a controversial Blogger feature, and form-filling functionality.
Total shipments reached 19.5 million units last year, compared with 8.9 million units in 2001.
Labor Department analysts think the payroll statistics from the survey of businesses provide a more accurate picture of the economy because the survey figures are based on a larger sample.
Parrado remained on a Coast Guard cutter Wednesday as immigration officials attempt to determine his status, the Coast Guard said.
We need to change old habits and seriously rethink business-as-usual.
Although the preconditions for recovery remain in place, the prospect for external demand for UK output is weaker than previously expected.
The federal standard for ozone is 0.12 parts per million.
Wal- Mart, Kohl's Corp., Family Dollar Stores Inc., and Big Lots Inc. posted May sales that fell below Wall Street's modest expectations.
On Monday the Palestinian Prime Minister, Mahmoud Abbas, will report to the Palestinian parliament on his Government's achievements in its first 100 days in office.
This blackout was largely preventable, U.S. Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham said at a briefing on the report.
Carnival Corp. stock was down 2.5 percent, or 81 cents, at $31.20 on the New York Stock Exchange.
The decision means that Qarase must invite up to eight Labor Party members into cabinet.
A charter plane crashed in Turkey on Monday, killing all 75 people aboard, including 62 Spanish peacekeepers returning from Afghanistan, officials said.
It will also boost SuSE's sales reach worldwide and enhance HP's Linux business, they said.
A race observer sits in the passenger seat of the vehicle following the contestant car to record broken rules and track of the car's time.
He agrees that technically smoking could be considered a disability, giving smokers the right to take complaints to the Human Rights Commission or Human Rights Review Tribunal.
Last year Bloomberg boycotted the parade because he wanted to march with two actors from The Sopranos.
Georgia has received all but $70,000 of its money back with the help of the FBI.
Benchmark Treasury 10-year notes gained 17/32, yielding 4.015 percent.
His dissent was joined by Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justice Clarence Thomas.
Their contract will expire at 12:01 a.m.
Wednesday instead of 12:01 a.m.
Sunday, said Rian Wathen, organizing director for United Food and Commercial Workers Local 700.
Former South African Archbishop Desmond Tutu said Sunday he did not see what all the fuss was over appointing a gay bishop, but urged homosexual clergy to remain celibate.
The Bush administration said Monday it will propose a rule change allowing governors to seek exemptions from a policy blocking road-building in remote areas of national forests.
Health Minister Peter Coleman said about 300 people had been killed and 1,000 injured as the rebels fought into the capital.
I´m very proud of the citizens of this state, Gov. John Baldacci said.
After hours of debate, the Senate passed the reform package 32-4.
But JT was careful to clarify that it was not certain about the outcome of the discussion at this moment.
Excluding litigation charges it made a profit of $7.8 million, or 10 cents a share.
He said his hatred for such people grew from these discussions and had helped convince him violence was the answer.
Senator Clinton should be ashamed of herself for playing politics with the important issue of homeland security funding, he said.
Prime Minister Tony Blair, speaking at his monthly news conference, repeated his warning that Britons were under threat and urged vigilance.
A move to legalize marijuana for medical use was defeated yesterday in the state House of Representatives, 79-64.
About two decades ago, U.S. District Court Judge Walter Rice and others decided to protect and polish what remained.
This is a case about a woman who for 20 years dedicated her life to this country, said Janet Levine.
Australian researchers believe they have found a trigger of type 1 diabetes in children - their mothers eating potatoes and other tuberous vegetables during pregnancy.
Officials are trying to retrieve the bodies from the water, police official J.D. Tambe told Reuters.
Henri was centered about 75 miles southwest of Cedar Key and was moving east-northeast at 5 mph, forecasters said.
I've still got a fighting chance, though, Hewitt said after battling to overcome Davydenko 6-3 4-6 6-3 7-6 (7-5) on centre court.
The Royals chose Chris Lubanski, a high school outfielder from Pennsylvania who hit .528, with the fifth pick.
But at the age of 15, she weighed a whopping 117kg and came to a difficult decision: it was time to try surgery.
In 2001, President Bush named her to the Student Loan Marketing Association, the largest U.S. lender for students.
But he said labor would see whether other senators can increase the value of awards proposed by Hatch and create a mechanism to ensure the fund remains solvent.
In the clash with police, Lt. Mothana Ali said about 1,000 demonstrators had gone to the station demanding jobs.
Earlier this year, Intel invested $123 million in Elpida Memory over two funding rounds, Mulloy said.
The academy will get its own internal report next week and it will be made public, Rosa said.
A day earlier, a committee appointed by reformist President Mohammad Khatami called for an independent judicial inquiry into Kazemi's death.
Drug developer Inspire Pharmaceuticals Inc. (nasdaq: ISPH - news - people) tumbled $2.17, or 13.4 percent, to $13.98.
As Samudra sat down to hear the indictment, he looked over to his nine lawyers and shouted ``God is Great'' three times.
I don't think my brain is going to go dead this afternoon or next week, he said.
Police suspected that Shaichat, 20, had been abducted either by Palestinians or by Israeli Arabs.
She also thanked her boyfriend, Sgt. Ruben Contreras, who was sitting next to the stage.
He wants to kill him, but then I suppose I'd be that angry too if somebody tried to kill my old man, he said.
New York City will get an estimated $182.5 million in tax revenue from the bonuses this year, compared with last year's $125.4 million.
The huge bottom line loss stemmed from a 1.5 billion-pound asset writedown, on top of a 3.5 billion first-half charge.
Frankel said Peace Rules will run in the Preakness Stakes on May 17.
The Senate Armed Services Committee will hold a separate hearing Thursday.
Despite hefty losses against the euro, the dollar's slide versus the yen was curbed by wariness that Japanese authorities could intervene to stem the yen's rise.
The strength of demand for credit increases the danger associated with delaying (a rate rise) that is called for on general macroeconomic grounds, Mr Macfarlane said.
As he spoke by satellite phone, shellfire could be heard in the background.
Downstream at Mount Vernon, the Skagit River was expected to crest at 36 feet -- 8 feet above flood stage -- tonight, Burke said.
Cmdr. Rod Gibbons, an academy spokesman, said, The academy is shocked and saddened.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index rose 4.64 points, or 0.27 percent, to 1,735.34, according to the latest available data.
Of course the FBI agent who ran him down received nothing, Mr. Connolly said.
Researchers at Sweden's Karolinska Institute recently went over data from more than 2,000 children treated with radiation for a harmless birthmark condition between 1930 and 1959.
Emily Church is London bureau chief of CBS.MarketWatch.com.
Bounty hunting is illegal in Mexico, and the bounty hunter was charged with kidnapping.
Sterling was down 0.8 percent against the dollar at $1.5875 GBP= .
This year there have been 4,416 confirmed cases of West Nile virus nationwide with 20 in Missouri, according to the Centers for Disease Control.
Sales for the quarter beat expectations, rising 37 percent year-on-year to 1.76 billion euros.
But the cancer society said its study had been misused.
Bashir also felt he was being tried by opinion rather than facts of law, he added.
The report was found last week tucked inside a training manual that belonged to Hicks.
She asked to be excused from last week's Cabinet session to prepare for a meeting with the presidents of Rwanda and Uganda.
At least 80 will make it to Thursday's final rounds of competition, which will be broadcast on ESPN.
Fighting erupted after four North Korean journalists confronted a dozen South Korean activists protesting human rights abuses in the North outside the main media centre.
Everyone who has a cell phone wishes they had a better one, Huang said.
The fire is going to have great potential to get in there tomorrow, he said.
That doesn't mean to say it doesn't exist, Mr. Chandler said, but simply that his team has found no such evidence.
Muhammad will stand trial for the Oct.
9 slaying of Dean Harold Meyers, 53.
Sir Richard was speaking after a meeting in London with Australian Tourism Minister Joe Hockey.
A year or two later, 259, or 10 per cent, of the youths reported that they had started to smoke, or had taken just a few puffs.
Gov. Rick Perry has said that while he opposes gambling expansion, he would be reluctant to veto continuation of the Lottery Commission.
The document stated: This report does not attempt to address the complexities of this issue.
In an advertisement for the book, Berg says, More than my remembrances, this book intends to convey hers.
Electrons come down from the polysilicon emitter, accelerate through the SiGe base and make a turn in the SOI layer towards the collector contact electrode, the company said.
However, the Saudi interior minister, Prince Nayef, denied the reports.
Columbia broke apart in the skies above Texas on Feb.
1.
Since then, Acacia has spent little time with her grandmother.
There was no transcript of Thursday's courtroom session in Tarrytown, which is 12 miles north of New York City on the Hudson River.
Sen. Richard Shelby, R-Ala., chairman of the Senate Banking Committee, wasn't rushing to endorse the legislation.
It features a 4K color screen and 40-tone polyphonic sound with exchangeable Style-Up front panels.
Two 15-year-olds were also killed by Israeli fire and 17 people were wounded, according to the witnesses.
Kansas City drafted outfielder Chris Lubanski, from Kennedy-Kenrick High School in Pennsylvania, with the fifth pick.
This is a process and there will be other opportunities for people to participate in the rebuilding of Iraq. he told reporters.
PFP Legislator Kao Ming-chien (), the fifth Taiwanese expert invited by the WHO to join the conference, will arrive in Malaysia today.
A woman was listed in good condition at Memorial's HealthPark campus, he said.
Mr. Brendsel is expected to remain with the Freddie Mac Foundation.
She met Lady Mary at her Double Bay home yesterday to thank her for the donation.
He also noted that Tenet has provided the committee with 19 volumes of documents on prewar intelligence which has been made available to House members.
The former first lady has said she will not run for the White House in 2004 but has not ruled out a race later on.
The broad Standard & Poors 500-stock index was down 4.77 points to 929.62.
Microsoft will seek to simplify creation of BizTalk applications by tying it more tightly to its flagship development tool, Visual Studio.Net.
Snow's remark ``has a psychological impact,'' said Hans Redeker, head of foreign-exchange strategy at BNP Paribas.
At least five class-action lawsuits have been filed, including one in Pennsylvania.
The attacks came two days after suicide bombers detonated a truck bomb in a Government compound in northern Chechnya, killing 59.
The head of the panel -- Tillie Fowler, a former US representative from Florida -- told present and past commanders that cadets don't trust them.
The decades-long conflict has killed more than 10,000 people in the resource-rich province, most of them civilians.
That second dossier, passed to journalists on Mr Blair's trip to Washington to discuss war plans, said it drew upon a number of sources, including intelligence material.
The woman had agreed to testify after receiving immunity protecting her from punishment for lying and other violations of the academy's honor code.
Air Commodore Quaife said the Hornets remained on three-minute alert throughout the operation.
Still, the scientists said, a third of those taking it would benefit, gaining an average of 11 years free of cardiovascular disease.
An Ohio law that bans a controversial late-term abortion procedure is constitutionally acceptable and the state can enforce it, a federal appeals court ruled yesterday.
A seventh person, a 21-year-old woman, was in critical condition in the burn unit at Akron Children's Hospital.
As of Wednesday, there were 65 probable SARS cases in the Toronto region.
Colgate shares were down 30 cents at $56 in morning trade on the New York Stock Exchange.
Dotson admitted to FBI agents that he shot Dennehy in the head because Patrick had tried to shoot him, according to an arrest warrant released Tuesday.
The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 4.46% from 4.42% late Thursday.
Stocks barely budged Friday as trading resumed with some glitches from the blackout in New York.
These despicable acts were committed by killers whose only faith is hate and the United States will find the killers and they will learn the meaning of American justice.
Bremer will focus on the politics and Garner on the rest of the reconstruction efforts, Garner said, adding that Bremer will arrive in Iraq by next week.
From Broadway comedies like The Seven Year Itch (1952), Will Success Spoil Rock Hunter?
A prime-time special on the list, AFI's 100 Years . . .
100 Heroes & Villains aired Tuesday on CBS.
The Sunnyvale, Calif., chipmaker announced its plans Tuesday at the Embedded Systems Conference in Boston.
With the exception of dancing, physical activity did not decrease the risk.
Meantime, the Direct Marketing Association said its members should not call the nearly 51 million numbers on the list.
Leading Democratic candidates are former state and national Democratic Chairman Joe Andrew and State Sen. Vi Simpson, Ellettsville.
Many conservatives have staunchly opposed condom programs, saying they send the wrong message and encourage and enable teens to have sex before marriage.
The GPL violates the U.S. Constitution, together with copyright, antitrust and export control laws, states SCO in documents filed with the U.S. District Court for Utah.
He caused a stir by misnaming the mayor of Miami, Manny Diaz.
That was 4 cents higher than the expectations of analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call.
Federal agents said Friday they are investigating the thefts of 1,100 pounds of an explosive chemical from construction companies in Colorado and California in the past week.
Members of Kathleen Peterson's family were not present.
A grassy field and asphalt island, topped with an ATM, sit where Orville Wright once developed a split airplane wing, tinkered with cars and even built toys.
Indeed, analyst Mike King of Banc of America Securities downgraded Genentech yesterday to a sell before the company released its colon cancer news.
I believe it is my duty to not only represent Australia but the people of the world as one as a stance against terrorism, he replied.
Allegiant's stock closed Wednesday at $23.40, up 64 cents, in trading on the Nasdaq market.
We think this was bad law, and we still expect to be vindicated ultimately.
The Dow Jones industrials climbed more than 140 points to above the 9,000 mark for the first time since December.
AT&T has 30 days to respond to the charges before the F.C.C. issues a final order.
He was also expected to visit Yemen and Bahrain during his tour of the region.
The federal agency has been investigating whether several energy companies manipulated energy markets by reporting false natural gas trading prices to industry publications.
It was third time lucky for Hempleman-Adams, 46, after two previous abandoned attempts to make ballooning history.
Added to savings on the dividend, C&W's estimated lease commitments, one hurdle to its U.S. escape, fell by 600 million pounds to 1.6 billion.
All 180,000 DHS employees soon will receive a lapel pin and personalized certificate bearing the seal, DHS said.
While the day's trading was lackluster, the Standard & Poor's 500 index was preparing to close out its best three-month period since the fourth quarter of 1998.
But the FBI never kept tabs on al-Bayoumi - even though it had received information that he was a Saudi agent, the document says.
He said they lied on a sworn affidavit that requires them to list prior marriages.
AMD made the announcement on Tuesday at the Embedded Systems Conference in Boston.
The two filed a lawsuit in 1998, alleging IBM's staff doctors never warned them that their symptoms could reflect chemical poisoning.
This will be a marathon, not a sprint, said Jimmy D. Staton, senior vice president of operations at Dominion Virginia Power.
A European Union spokesman said the Commission was consulting EU member states with a view to taking appropriate action if necessary on the matter.
French special police raided a farm in Corsica on Friday, capturing the top suspect in the 1998 murder of France's highest official on the Mediterranean island, officials said.
I had no direct interest and Craxi begged me to intervene because he believed that the deal was damaging to the state, Berlusconi testified.
Freddie Mac shares were down more than 16 per cent at $50.18 at midday yesterday.
And Robert B. Willumstad, 57, who is currently president of Citigroup, was named chief operating officer.
Jewish and Muslim leaders expressed horror at the proposals, which have not been approved.
Thursday morning, PeopleSoft's board rejected the Oracle takeover offer.
Since it was launched, the SiteFinder service has come under increasing criticism from users and analysts who say that VeriSign has overstepped its authority.
Justice Anthony M. Kennedy also dissented from the dismissal.
After careful analysis, WHO has concluded that the risk to travellers to Beijing is now minimal, Omi told a news conference in Beijing on Tuesday.
Excluding patent litigation, RIM's loss for the quarter was $700,000, or 1 cent per share.
Investors were askingwhether other banks, some of which are still being audited, could be dealt with in the same way.
This is a wide-ranging and continuing investigation which is likely to result in numerous other charges, Mr Spitzer said.
A BMI of 25 or above is considered overweight; 30 or above is considered obese.
Teenagers at high schools where condoms were available were no more likely to have sex than other teens, a study published Wednesday finds.
The crates are full of hardback copies of Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix.
The results beat the 54 cents loss per share consensus estimate of 23 analysts polled by Thomson First Call.
The conflict centers on a proposal to change a French unemployment fund for artists that takes into account their downtime between shows.
Jail warden Gene Fischi said said Selenski and Bolton broke their 12-inch-by-18-inch cell window, threw a mattress to the ground and shimmied down the rope to a second-story roof.
We don't know everything [but] what we know suggests that we should take what they're saying seriously, he said.
He resides in Doha, Qatar, from which Russian authorities have been trying to extradite him for nearly two years.
He said he also expects to have the support of lawmakers from other agricultural states.
The FTC decision is viewed as the final leg in a longstanding legal saga that has dragged on for years.
We strongly disagree with Novell's position and view it as a desperate measure to curry favor with the Linux community.
The Coast Guard airlifted the survivors to Bartlett Regional Hospital, Wetherell said.
Michael Suen, the secretary for housing, planning and lands, said after the ruling that Hong Kong's cabinet would meet very soon to decide whether to resume construction.
The transfers would reduce P&G’s worldwide work force to slightly less than 100,000, down from 110,000 several years ago.
Meanwhile, Hynix Semiconductors voiced strong criticism of the United States, calling its decision an outrageous tactic aimed at a hidden agenda.
Mr Goh said that it was 'especially important given the Sars situation in Singapore'.
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average slipped 44.32 points, or 0.48 percent, to 9,240.25.
Market sentiment was subdued after International Business Machines Inc.
IBM.N said U.S. securities regulators were investigating the accounting of the world's largest computer company.
We're a quiet, peaceful town of 862 people and nothing ever happens, Bennett said.
The vulnerability affects an interface with RPC that deals with message exchange over TCP/IP port 135, according to Microsoft.
His opinion contradicts one issued in 1992 by then-Attorney General Bob Stephan.
Prosecutors have declined to take criminal action against corrections officers, although Fine said his inquiry was not finished.
Aprils unemployment rate is the highest since late last year.
Because of the holidays, CDC is not releasing data from the period since Dec.
27 until today.
Within four days, the House and Senate overwhelmingly endorsed a resolution granting the president authority to go to war.
Emergency crews said some of the passengers were thrown partly out of the open side of the bus.
Fletcher said he expects to have the support of lawmakers from agricultural states, many of whom are on the committee.
At the Casa de Espaa, customers were eating dinner and playing bingo when a bomb went off.
That doesn't mean to say it doesn't exist, said Mr. Chandler, but simply that his team hasn't uncovered evidence indicating such a link.
Actor Noah Wyle, who has played Dr. John Carter since the shows inception in 1994, extended his contract with the show through the 2004-2005 season.
A month ago, the Commerce Department said GDP grew at a 7.2 percent rate.
Early Wednesday, the benchmark 10-year US10YT=RR had lost 16/32 in price, driving its yield up to 3.33 percent from 3.26 percent late Tuesday.
With increasing numbers of Bluetooth-equipped mobile phones coming onto the market, people are going to be sorry if they didn't buy a PDA with Bluetooth, he said.
The Russell 2000 index, which tracks smaller company stocks, was up 1.02, or 0.21 percent, at 496.83.
Instead of pursuing the most imminent and real threats to our future -- terrorism -- this Bush administration chose to settle old scores, he said.
The hard-core fans came out for Reloaded and then moved on, says John Shaw of the box office tracking firm Movieline International.
Sgt. Randy Force, a police spokesman, said O'Brien wasn't being charged with causing the crash because Reed was jaywalking.
He said there was no indication, so far, that Gehring used his card for hotels, motels or other overnight stops.
Quattrone, 47, was highly influential working in the Palo Alto office of Credit Suisse First Boston during the tech bubble.
Before that he held various posts in Virginia, including deputy attorney general.
About 10 percent of high school and 16 percent of elementary students must be proficient at math.
I think it's going to be a close vote, but I think the grant proposal is going to win, McConnell said.
But he said there was a total fear to start with because you are completely at the mercy of the winds.
The Senate majority leader, Bill Frist, R-Tenn., said he hoped Congress would finish work on the legislation by late September.
Im very proud of the citizens of this state, said Gov. John Baldacci, a casino foe.
Indeed, the Harry Potter series stands in a class by itself.
This means Berlusconi will be safe from prosecution until he leaves elected office, scheduled for 2006.
Representatives of abuse victims expressed dismay at the possibility.
She had only a single condition, that the book not be published until her death.
One of the 14 Kurds pointed at the word refugee in an English/Turkish dictionary.
Monsignor Grass ... while manifestly repentant, admitted that the allegations were true, the statement said.
The court and the public need to know much more of the details of the defendant's seemingly massive fraud, the judge said.
Voters in Cleveland Heights, Ohio, approved a proposal allowing same-sex couples - and also unmarried heterosexual couples - to officially register as domestic partners.
Activists say they fear the gathering is an attempt by corporate farming to push bio-engineered crops on starving countries.
Microsoft this week released a critical update to fix a bug with its newly released Office 2003 suite.
The exchange also said its five-person compensation committee will consist only of directors from outside the securities industry.
A top aide to state Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver was charged Wednesday with raping an unidentified, 22-year-old female state Assembly employee.
But six months ago, the two sides managed to strike a $6.8-billion debt rollover deal, which expires in August.
The North Atlantic Treaty Organisation on Monday assumes command of the 4.600-strong International Security Assistance Force (ISAF) which is helping with security and reconstruction in the Afghan capital.
The children were last seen July 4 at a fireworks display in Concord with their father, Manuel Gehring.
It has a plus or minus 4.9 percent margin of error.
Quattrone lawyer John W. Keker said his client is innocent.
Chi-Chi's has agreed to keep the restaurant closed until Jan.
2 _ two months after it voluntarily closed following initial reports of the disease.
Before confirming a diagnosis of cancer, a positive PSA test must be followed up with a biopsy or other procedures.
Spin and manipulative public relations and propaganda are not the answer, it said.
Southwest said its traffic was up 4.6 percent in the quarter, and it ended the quarter with $2.2 billion in cash.
Some conservative groups have staunchly opposed such programs, saying they send the wrong message and in effect encourage and enable teens to have sex before marriage.
CAPPS II will not use bank records, credit records, or medical records, according to Loy and Kelly.
The phone is available for $299.99 with any compatible AT&T Wireless service plan.
Boykin’s also referred to Islamist fighters as America’s “spiritual enemy” that, “will only be defeated if we come against them in the name of Jesus”.
The technology-packed Nasdaq Composite Index dropped 37.78 points, or 1.94 percent, to 1,912.36.
ImClone Systems Inc. and OSI Pharmaceuticals Inc. are developing similar medications, designed to target tumor cells while sparing healthy ones.
Google's early stage backers in include California-based Stanford University and VC firms Kleiner Perkins and Sequoia Capital.
But Virgin wants to operate Concorde on routes to New York, Barbados and Dubai.
Tuesday’s testimony is to give an inside look at tax-shelter development and marketing.
By the time the two-term president left office in 1989, the Navy had nearly 600 ships--about twice the ships it has today.
Tonight, 21-year-old Morgan and as many as 1,200 fellow students at Wheaton College will gather in the gym for the first real dance in the school's 143-year history.
Normally, redistricting is done every 10 years based on population changes in the census.
The commission estimated California lost $937 million to corporate tax shelters in 2001.
As such, consumers want to easily enjoy this content, regardless of the source, across different devices and locations in the home, said the group.
A few miles west are the pyramids of Teotihuacan, where corn may first have been domesticated 4,000 years ago.
But labor leaders said it was often difficult for these Americans to join a union because many employers fought organizing efforts.
The benefit is equal for everyone, both in traditional Medicare and in the enhanced Medicare we're setting up.
The deterioration of security compounds when nearly all computers rely on a single operating system subject to the same vulnerabilities the world over.
McNair was stopped just after midnight by a police officer who reportedly saw his sports utility vehicle weaving on a downtown street.
Market research firm Dell'Oro Group estimates that the Gigabit Ethernet switch market will total about US$12 billion in 2004.
He allowed two runs in seven innings and struck out six.
Their leader, Abu Bakr al-Azdi, surrendered in June; his deputy was killed in a shoot-out with Saudi forces recently.
The measures could be taken up by the full Senate as early as Friday.
The two have no diplomatic ties and their already tense relationship has been frayed further by a diplomatic spat over North Korea's nuclear ambitions.
The cuts are expected to save Texas consumers more than $510 million, and most policyholders will see reductions, Black said.
Shares in BA were down 1.5 percent at 168 pence by 1420 GMT, off a low of 164p, in a slightly stronger overall London market.
Meanwhile, the U.S. civilian administrator for Iraq, L. Paul Bremer, paid a two-hour visit to the northern cities of Erbil and Sulaimaniyah.
Federal prosecutors, the Securities and Exchange Commission, and the mortgage company's regulator launched investigations into Freddie Mac's shake-up.
Jim Furyk celebrated his first Father's Day as a father by winning his first major golf championship.
The security hole was detected into the section of RPC that deals with message exchange over TCP/IP, Microsoft explained.
Consolidated volume was moderate, with 1.91 billion shares traded on the New York Stock Exchange, compared to 1.5 billion Monday.
Ernest Bucklew was headed home for his mother's funeral in Pennsylvania.
Experts say legal challenges are rare before a bill becomes law.
The statement concluded, This ruling is so wrong that we are extremely confident that it will not withstand our appeal to the 6th U.S. Circuit Court.
Against the dollar, the euro rose as high as $1.1537 , a fresh four-year high and up a half cent from around $1.1480 in late U.S. trade.
Belcher said the airport's conference room became a shelter for several families who had hiked up hillsides ahead of rising water.
A neighbor said a duffel bag containing a woman's body was dug up, and the other body was encased in concrete.
However, it is not possible to say whether it may pose a cancer risk to humans.
Attackers detonated a second roadside bomb later yesterday as a U.S. convoy was travelling near Falluja, just west of Baghdad, killing an U.S. soldier and wounding three others.
The tech-heavy Nasdaq Stock Markets composite index lost the most ground, falling 16.95 points to 1,506,76.
MedImmune Vaccines, the maker of FluMist, made between 4 million and 5 million doses this year.
The United States is wary of deep involvement in Liberia given commitments in Afghanistan and Iraq.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index jumped 26 points, or 1.78 percent, to 1,516.
The researchers at Imperial College London had previously shown that the hormone could suppress the appetites of lean people.
Allegiant shares rose $4, or $17.2 percent, to $27.43 in Thursday morning trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
However, Hayes, the CDC official, said there are many complicated interactions in play.
U.S. stocks fell, led by computer-related shares, after network-equipment maker Cisco Systems Inc. said sales will be unchanged this quarter.
Consumers who said jobs are difficult to find jumped from 29.4 to 32.6, while those claiming work was plentiful slipped from 13 to 12.6.
Shares of MONY were gaining $2.57, or 9%, to $31.90 in after-hours trading on Instinet.
The indictment says the investment was a breach of fiduciary duties and resulted in the state pension fund immediately losing $1 million.
The numbers are starting to change very, very quickly, Dr. Julie Gerberding, the CDC's director, told a news briefing Thursday.
The camp hosts summer religious retreats for children and other events year-round, according to its Web site.
The victim, who was also not identified, was taken to Kings County Hospital in extremely critical condition, Czartoryski said.
Authorities evacuated residents and closed off the road leading to Waterman Canyon.
Our policies are well-known and I'm not aware of any changes in policy.
In addition, Panther includes FileVault, a new feature that secures the contents of a home directory with 128-bit AES encryption.
The government defeated the rebel motion by 297 votes to 117 in the 659-seat House of Commons.
The bishop told police he thought he had struck a dog or a cat or that someone had thrown a rock at his vehicle.
The farmers market reopened Saturday; at least 11 people remained hospitalized, three in critical condition.
He just heard two huge bangs and the balloon shuddered and fell, Nicky Webster, a spokesman for Hempleman-Adams, said.
Plants still must abide by state and federal air-pollution laws, so there won't necessarily be any increase in pollution, the administration argues.
Also Thursday, the NYSE's board elected six new directors _ three non-industry representatives and three industry representatives.
Matthew Lovett, 18, of Oaklyn, N.J., was among those arrested.
30 years waiting for you, read one banner hoisted over the crowd, as many wept tears of happiness at finally seeing and hearing their idol.
Available July 7, the software supports the Solaris, IBM AIX, Red Hat Linux and Windows operating systems.
We make no apologies for finding every legal way possible to protect the American public from further terrorist attacks, said Barbara Comstock, Ashcroft's press secretary.
A member of the chart-topping collective So Solid Crew dumped a loaded pistol in an alleyway as he fled from police, a court heard yesterday.
Goodyear's third-quarter earnings report, which had been scheduled to be released on Thursday, was postponed until November.
To reach John A. Dvorak, who covers Kansas, call (816) 234-7743 or send e-mail to jdvorak@kctar.com.
A federal appeals court ruled Tuesday that the government was free to withhold the names of more than 700 people detained in the aftermath of Sept.
11, 2001.
US troops encountered fire from rocket-propelled grenades, mortars, and small arms coming from bunkers and buildings.
The Smyrna Nissan plant was recently named the most productive automotive manufacturing site in North America, said Kisber.
After several weeks of market rallies on upbeat earnings, many investors are looking for more concrete signs of an economic recovery.
Box cutters were the weapons used by the 19 hijackers in the Sept.
11, 2001, attacks.
It is the first named storm to develop in the Caribbean in December.
As a professional, I'd like to be thought of as a storyteller.
I don't see the urgency in this so I'm not going to grant it, West said.
Executive recruiters say that finding a seasoned chief merchandising officer perhaps will be the trickiest of all hires.
A spokesman said: Since November, we have co-operated fully with the police.
There are some who feel that if they attack us, we may decide to leave prematurely, Mr Bush said at the White House.
Not only had Bashir given his blessing but he had asked that we hit the target well, Mr Bafana said.
The judge ordered the unsealing yesterday at the request of several news agencies, including The Seattle Times, The Associated Press and the Seattle Post-Intelligencer.
The anguish will begin to end and the healing will commence,'' delegation leader Bob Weatherall told Reuters by telephone.
It’s just another example of the global war on terrorism and why this is going to be a long effort”.
If achieved it would represent an increase of 10 per cent from the same quarter a year ago.
At about 3 p.m. on Friday, a relative of Bondeson called police to report his apparent suicide.
The NIST discovered that in 1999 the Port Authority issued guidelines to upgrade the fireproofing to a thickness of 1 1/2 inches.
Another million barrels, bought by Spanish refiner Cepsa SA, was to be loaded onto a Spanish tanker, the Sandra Tapias.
Intel spokesman Chuck Mulloy said the company was disappointed and assessing its options in the event Mr. Hamidi resumes his spamming activity against Intel.
The paper was released by the Computer and Communications Industry Association in Washington.
The deal means the original agreement, signed in August 2001 by the two companies, is now extended through 2006.
He served as a marine in the Second World War and afterward began submitting articles to magazines.
Michael W. Stout, 56, was named executive vice president and chief information officer.
Inquests into the deaths of Diana, Princess of Wales and Dodi Fayed will be formally opened in the New Year, the Royal Family's coroner announced yesterday.
These men are entitled to respect for their private lives, Kennedy said.
Shares of Allergan were up 14 cents at $78.40 in late trading on the New York Stock Exchange.
So far, they have searched Pennsylvania, Ohio, Michigan, Illinois and Indiana, authorities in those state said.
Last year, he ran a successful proposition campaign to secure state funding for after-school programs.
Avery Dennison estimated second-quarter revenue between $1.2 billion and $1.23 billion, up 14 percent to 16 percent from a year earlier.
Despite these and other differences, U.S. and EU leaders insisted they were working well together.
Beta versions of Nterprise Linux Services are expected to be available on certain HP ProLiant servers in July.
Muslim immigrants have used the networks _ which rely on wire transfers, couriers and overnight mail _ to send stashes of cash overseas to their families.
The U.S.-backed Governing Council named the cabinet of 25 ministers on Monday, most of them little-known.
The court Monday reversed the decision of that court, the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals.
French retirees will increase from one fifth to a third of the population by 2040.
If found guilty, Samudra could be sentenced to death under anti-terror laws passed soon after the bombings.
The banks neither admitted nor denied the charges as part of the agreement.
A sensitive light detector then looks for the telltale blue glow.
The servers can run Solaris x86 operating system or the standard Linux operating system.
The delegates said raising and distributing funds has been complicated by the U.S. crackdown on jihadi charitable foundations, bank accounts of terror-related organizations and money transfers.
The judge said Congress is the best forum to address the high cost of prescription drugs.
On July 3, Troy is expected to be sentenced to life in prison without parole.
National City's stock ended the day at $32.58, up 9 cents, in trading on the New York Stock Exchange.
Maria de Jesus Quiej Alvarez and Maria de Teresa Quiej Alvarez did not leave the private jet during a stop for customs inspection at Brown Field.
Analysts also said they were disappointed by the company's $68 million pre-tax charge for weather-related and overhead costs on its Polar Tanker crude oil tanker program.
Mayor Joe T. Parker said late Thursday that the three workers were two men and a woman who were inside the building when the first blast occurred.
He has credited Dr. Evans with helping to inspire the idea of federal financing for faith-based programs.
Laos's second most important export destination - said it was consulting EU member states ''with a view to taking appropriate action if necessary'' on the matter.
In that case, the court held that Cincinnati had violated the First Amendment in banning only the advertising pamphlets in the interest of aesthetics.
The U.N. troops are in Congo to protect U.N. installations and personnel, and they can only fire in self defense and have been unable to stem the violence.
INTEL TODAY disclosed details of its next-generation XScale processor for mobile phones and handheld devices here in San Jose.
Sixteen days later, as superheated air from the shuttle’s re-entry rushed into the damaged wing, ‘‘there was no possibility for crew survival,’’ the board said.
Synthes-Stratec's cash payment for Mathys would be financed with cash on hand plus bank borrowings being arranged by Credit Suisse First Boston.
Intel plans to present a paper on its findings today at a conference in Japan.
I think we should leave them as they are, said Lott, R-Miss., of the current ownership rules during a Senate Commerce Committee hearing.
Although obesity can increase the risk of a host of health problems, skeptics argue, so do smoking and high cholesterol, which are not considered diseases.
The loonie, meanwhile, was on the rise again early Thursday.
But they did not, as of the time of this tragic event, provide the additional security we requested.
The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid launched a similar consumer tool for nursing homes last year.
New legit download service launches with PC users in mind.
North Korea has demanded one-to-one talks with the United States.
Sun filed its lawsuit after an appeals court in Washington upheld the U.S. government's antitrust case against Microsoft.
The most recent addition to the list, which to date includes 125 names, is Zelimkhan Yandarbiev, the former president of Chechnya.
Nobody is saying such a pill could replace earplugs and other mechanical ear protection.
But plans to expand Wagerup had been caught up in a heated debate about the existing pro-ject's impact on the amenity of local residents.
Older people who eat fish at least once a week could cut their risk of Alzheimer's by more than half, a study suggests.
On Monday, as first reported by CNET News.com, the RIAA withdrew a DMCA notice to Penn State University's astronomy and astrophysics department.
The Nikkei average ended trading down 1.83 percent at 10,310.04, a four-week low.
Full classes of 48 are booked through September, he said, and the Transportation Security Administration plans to double its classes in January.
In Nigeria alone, the report estimated that between 100,000 and 1 million girls and women are suffering from the condition.
The victim, whose name was not released, underwent surgery at the hospital.
It just seems like all the issues that we support he doesn't, said Gabriela Lemus, the league's director of policy and legislation.
I urge Congress to quickly resolve any differences and send me the final bill as soon as possible so that I can sign it into law.
But neither he nor Peace Rules could keep Funny Cide from drawing away.
The resulting lists led toa CBS special, AFI's 100 Years . . .
100 Heroes & Villains, hosted by Arnold Schwarzenegger.
He most recently served as corporate vice president of Microsoft's Mobile Devices Marketing Group.
On Wednesday, the total of National Guard and Reserve members called to active duty worldwide stood at 154,603.
The euro has slipped nearly four percent since matching a record peak of around $1.1935 only last week and hitting an all-time high of 140.90 yen in late May.
Misfeldt agreed to pay $US346,807 in allegedly ill-gotten gains and $US111,595 in interest.
No one has found blood, bones or any other trace of the child.
That's one of the nicer rounds I've ever played, and the best chance I've ever had for a 59.
The dollar rose around 0.6 percent against the Japanese currency to 109.51 yen and climbed 1 percent against the Swiss franc to 1.3302 francs .
For example, the Dow dropped more than 1,500 points, or 15.6 percent, from May to October 2002, largely because of terrorism fears driven by the headlines.
Of course I want to win again but I think it's worse when you've never won, because you are so anxious to win.
We are pleased with the judge's decision and pleased that they accepted our arguments, a Merrill spokesman said Tuesday.
The purchase is the largest conservation transaction in Hawaii's history, the agencies said.
The Bush administration's hope is that by increasing the efficiency of older power plants -- especially coal -- more power can be produced more cheaply.
The single currency rose as far as 135.13 yen , matching a record high hit shortly after the euro's launch in January 1999.
He said McKevitt was the man who has the blood of innocent people on his hands.
Even as little as 2 or 3 grams of trans fat a day — a glazed doughnut has 4 grams — can increase health risks.
The Jensens have said they fear the treatment would stunt Parker's growth and leave him sterile.
Neither military action nor large-scale bribery can solve the North Korean problem, Wolfowitz said.
Microsoft had absolutely nothing to do with AtStake's internal personnel decision, Sundwall said.
Rambus Inc. (nasdaq: RMBS - news - people) shot up 38 percent, making it the biggest percentage gainer on the Nasdaq.
The Hulk trailed last month's Marvel Comics adaptation, X2: X-Men United, which grossed $85.6-million in its opening weekend.
U.S. District Judge William Steele has set the hearing on the suit for Wednesday.
Furthermore, Bremer estimated that as many as 200 operatives from the extremist group Ansar al-Islam have slipped back into the country since May 1.
The question that has to be penetrated is how did 38 visits over two years not rescue these children from slow torture and starvation, Ryan said in an interview.
The United States will play Canada in the third-place game Saturday.
Take-Two also defended its right to create a realistic game for an adult audience.
Shares of EDS gained $1.49, or 6.6 percent, to $23.999 early Wednesday on the New York Stock Exchange.
Derek Jeter took batting practice on the field for the first time since dislocating his left shoulder on Opening Day and expects to begin a minor league rehab assignment tomorrow.
The three-story brick building has apartments on the upper floors and the Snack Bar and Café downstairs.
Instead of Ragusa's remains, his family will bury a vial of blood he had donated to a bone marrow center.
Meanwhile, Funny Cide's trainer, Barclay Tagg, called the allegations ridiculous.
More than 6 percent of men on the drug developed high-grade tumors compared with 5.1 percent on placebo.
The agency charged that one WD Energy worker discussed false reporting with traders at two other energy companies.
We have already found two trailers that we and the Americans believe were used for chemical and biological weapons.
Health professionals say there is no rabies vaccine for humans in Zimbabwe and, even if it was available, it is too expensive for most bitten by infected dogs.
However, we have decided to opt for the European consortium's engine as the best overall solution.
The vote came just two days after Kurds swept City Council elections, taking the largest single block of votes on the 30-seat council.
Mr. Bryant is innocent and expects to be completely exonerated, Mackey said in a statement.
The two Democrats on the five-member FCC panel held a news conference to sway opinion against Powell.
Bombardier and Embraer will each deliver 85 jets by September 2006, U.S. Airways said in a release.
Two officials initially said about 300 workers had been arrested at 61 stores in 21 states.
The judge planned to have the anonymous jurors driven back and forth to court in vans with tinted windows to protect their identities.
In 2001, 8.4 per cent of six-year-olds and 15 per cent of 15-year-olds were obese.
Leung, who faces a maximum of 50 years in prison if convicted, also told the judge that she understood her constitutional rights.
And for the first time, all four pages of the Constitution will be on permanent display.
In Las Vegas, agents entered two clubs — Cheetah's and Jaguars — along with Galardi Enterprises, an office atop a bar and pool hall in downtown Las Vegas.
In after-hours trading, Hewlett-Packard shares rose 55 cents, to $22.86, according to Instinet.
Consumers, tired of paying high prices for CDs and DVDs, are looking for flexible forms of on-demand media delivery.
Cruz came to the United States in 1960, a year after the Cuban revolution.
Aventis, based in Strasbourg, France, is one of a handful of companies that still make the flu vaccine.
Cortisol levels in the saliva of day care children were highest and rose most steeply in those judged by day care center personnel to be the shyest.
On Tuesday, Blair suggested that only evidence of weapons programs rather than the weapons themselves would be uncovered.
According to the 2000 Census, Long Beach's Hispanic or Latino population was listed at 35.8 percent.
It is a national concern that will touch virtually every American, Abraham said.
The family owns Cheetahs strip clubs here and in Las Vegas.
The computers were located in the United States, Canada and South Korea, he said.
The DVD-CCA then appealed to the state Supreme Court.
Yehuda Abraham, a 76-year-old jeweler in New York's diamond district, allegedly accepted a $30,000 down payment on behalf of Lakhani for the missiles, the government said.
Mr. Kozlowski contends that the event included business and that some of those attending were Tyco employees.
Full classes of 48 each are booked through the end of September, he said, and the agency plans to double its classes in January.
Further estimates show that it is the fourth most common cause of cancer in men and the eighth most common in women.
BT said it expected the combination to reap 60,000 additional customers between September and March, 2004.
Schering-Plough shares fell 3.8 percent, or 72 cents, to close at $18.34 in trading Monday on the New York Stock Exchange.
It was better under Saddam, said 28-year-old Mushtaq Talib, a job-seeking army deserter, when asked what message he would like to convey to Powell.
Three Southern politicians who risked their political careers by fighting against bigotry and intolerance were honored Monday with John F. Kennedy Profile in Courage Awards for 2003.
In March 2002, 63 percent of home broadband users connected via cable modem; 34 percent used a DSL service.
In early U.S. trade, the euro was down 1.06 percent at $1.1607 .
Shares of AT&T climbed 4 percent, adding to the previous day's 6 percent rise.
Solomon 5.5 is now available in the U.S. and Canada through Microsoft Business Solutions resellers.
We will keep fighting, within the law, against the terrorist band.
Two Iraqis and two Saudis grabbed shortly after the blast gave information leading to the arrest of the others, said the official.
After 18 months, Nissen found that Lipitor stopped plaque buildup in the patients' arteries.
His progress is steady, he's stable, he's comfortable, Jack said Tuesday afternoon.
He also wrote the state was right to execute a search warrant at the store.
In Falluja on Thursday, two grenades were thrown at soldiers from the Third Armored Cavalry Regiment, wounding seven.
Connecticut Attorney General Richard Blumenthal said he would fight any extension of the cable's use.
The Regents math exam is required for graduation, but Mills reversed course after an estimated 63 percent of students statewide failed the exam.
Tech stocks were hurt by a sour forecast from Sun Microsystems, which was viewed as a bad omen for the upcoming quarterly earnings season.
Friends of Animals, which touts 200,000 members, was behind a successful tourism boycott that resulted in then-Gov.
Walter J. Hickel imposing a moratorium on wolf control in 1992.
Douglas Meester, 20, is charged with rape, sodomy, indecent assault, and providing alcohol to minors.
Zambrano pitched seven innings and allowed two runs on five hits and four walks.
Singapore reported no suspected SARS cases Wednesday, but officials quarantined 70 people who had contact with the Taiwanese patient.
For more than a century, an undetermined amount of money was lost, stolen, or never collected.
Instead of being reprimanded by court security officers, a smiling senior policeman shook hands with Mr Laczynski and patted him on the shoulder.
Lt. Scotty Smither, a county firefighter, was struck by lightning.
She had been critically ill after May 7 surgery to replace a heart valve.
In Albany, for example, 24 percent of students passed; in South Colonie, 14 percent.
Gordon is the senior Democrat on the House Subcommittee on Space and Aeronautics.
Several Florida officials connected to the case have received threatening letters, accompanied by rifle bullets.
The companies, Chiron and Aventis Pasteur, together made about 80 million doses of the injected vaccine, which ordinarily would have been enough to meet U.S. demand.
Board Chancellor Robert Bennett declined to comment on personnel matters Tuesday.
Rivers were also drying up - a stretch of Danube passing through the Balkans dropped so low that wrecks of World War II boats became visible.
Since it was launched Monday, the SiteFinder service has drawn widespread criticism from Internet users who complain that VeriSign has overstepped its authority.
In a special section on diabetes, the report notes that 6.5 percent of American adults were diagnosed with diabetes in 2002, compared to 5.1 percent in 1997.
In May, Alkebulan and Deirdre Small filed a federal lawsuit in Brooklyn that seeks more than $20 million in damages, Hart said.
The seizure took place at 4 a.m. on March 18, just hours before the first American air assault.
Mr McDonnell is leading Grant Thornton International's inquiry into the Italian business.
UN armored personnel carriers trained machine guns on Bunia's main street but did not open fire.
McCartney has three children - fashion designer Stella, 31, Mary, 33, and James, 25 - by first wife Linda.
In hardest-hit Taipei, traffic has disappeared from once-bustling streets and department stores and restaurants are virtually empty.
There were estimated to be between 400,000 and 750,000 Iraqis employed by state-owned enterprises, but most of the businesses were non- operative, he said.
But, to the dismay of Reaganites, there is no mention of the Reagan-era economic boom.
According to the report, average life expectancy has increased by nearly two years since 1990.
Such a move has been widely predicted by industry observers and follows the recent announcement that Christopher Galvin, the company's chairman and chief executive, would soon retire.
President Bush on Saturday became the first American president to address a joint session of the Philippine National Congress since Dwight Eisenhower in 1960.
While Bolton apparently fell and was immobilized, Selenski used the mattress to scale a 10-foot, razor-wire fence, Fischi said.
Papandreou said EU leaders would discuss the appointment of Trichet as ECB president on Thursday evening or Friday.
The subject was scarcely mentioned in his 2000 campaign, or in his administration's national security strategy.
Last year, Bush appointed him to the Homeland Security Advisory Council.
Chief merchandising officers oversee the buying and development of merchandise, deciding the merchandising direction of the company, or basically what it should stand for.
A Spanish tanker, Sandra Tapias, was to be loaded with another million barrels, bought by Spanish refiner Cepsa SA, in the afternoon.
The move came as police continued to question a suspected potential suicide bomber arrested in the southwestern town of Gloucester last Thursday.
In court, she briefly waved to courtroom sketch artists seated in the jury box and quietly made notes in a spiral-bound notebook.
The Nasdaq composite held on to the slimmest of gains, up 4.64 at 1,735.34.
As temperatures soar above 50 degrees (120 Fahrenheit), fridges and air conditioners have stuttered to a halt in Basra.
The program only spreads further when a computer user clicks on the attached program that then secretly mails itself to e-mail addresses on the user's computer.
The Senate agreed Tuesday to lift a 10-year-old ban on the research and development of low-yield nuclear weapons.
Among the proposals being considered is for Zimbabwe to have the opportunity to rejoin the 54-member body before the next Commonwealth Heads of Government meeting in two years.
This action in no way reduces our commitment to the North American market or changes our long-term plan for growth, said O'Neill, who is based in California.
Senator John D. Rockefeller IV, Democrat of West Virginia, said that provision of the Senate bill undermined a basic tenet of Medicare.
Prosecutors filed a motion informing Lee they intend to seek the death penalty.
Mr. Holden toured Northmoor, where between 25 and 30 homes were either damaged or destroyed and the town hall and police station also were damaged.
Sen. Charles Schumer, D-N.Y., sent a letter to President Bush Wednesday demanding action on the legislation.
Three-year-old Jaryd Atadero vanished on Oct.
2, 1999 while on a hiking trip with a church group.
The Nasdaq composite index rose 15.82, or 0.9 percent, to 1,861.52.
A restaurant worker was sentenced to 30 years in prison Tuesday for the sexual assault and strangling of a sixth-grade girl he met in an Internet chat room.
All 180,000 DHS employees will soon receive a DHS lapel pin and a personalized DHS certificate.
About 31 percent of Americans are now obese — roughly 30 or more pounds over a healthy weight.
Following their assessment, each volunteer received a squirt in the nose of rhinovirus the germ that causes colds.
Committee approval, expected today, would set the stage for debate on the Senate floor beginning Monday.
DNA tests will be performed to confirm his identity.
In turn SuSE will license Java 2 Standard Edition while also formalising an existing agreement to distribute Sun's Java Virtual Machine for running Java applications.
In 2006, Asia Pacific will report growth of 7.9 percent to $81.8 billion.
Even after he turned 94, Lacy worked to change baseball.
Among CNN viewers, 29 percent said they were Republicans and 36 percent called themselves conservatives.
The Phillies were upset that Counsell had stolen second in the sixth inning with Arizona leading 7-1.
"""Kmart needs to dramatically overhaul management in the areas of buying, store operations and sourcing,"" he said."
Tropical Storm Claudette headed for the Texas coast Saturday, with forecasters saying the sluggish storm system could reach hurricane strength before landfall early Tuesday.
A recent poll showed Edwards with a narrow lead in South Carolina, and he plans a rally there later on Tuesday.
"""It just seems like all the issues that we support, he doesn't,"" said Gabriela Lemus of LULAC."
"While JI has undoubted links with the terrorist group al-Qaeda, the report says the relationship ""may be less one of subservience . . . than of mutual advantage and reciprocal assistance""."
And they ordered state troopers to prevent camera crews from filming Private Lynch outside her home.
Ohio Attorney General Jim Petro hailed the appellate court ruling.
Two years ago, the House passed a similar version that floundered in the Senate.
They said it affects all default installations of Windows 2000, Windows XP and Windows 2003 Server.
The test, conducted by UCLA and UC Riverside, was paid for with $450,000 from the ARB.
"""This deal makes sense for both companies,"" Halla said in a prepared statement."
According to Tuesday's report, consumers' assessment of current conditions was less favourable than a month earlier.
In the latest top-level shuffle at CNN, Teya Ryan is leaving her post as general manager of U.S. programming, the network announced.
Fighting has continued sporadically in the west, where it is complicated by the presence of battle-hardened Liberians on both sides.
North American markets grabbed early gains Monday morning, as earnings season begins to slow and economic indicators take the spotlight.
She took the highly unusual step of skipping cabinet to attend a meeting with the presidents of Rwanda and Uganda.
The boy fired once into a wall and sprayed the room with fire extinguishers, making it hard to see, the chief said.
All patients developed some or all of the symptoms of E. coli food poisoning: bloody diarrhea, vomiting, abdominal cramping and nausea.
Protesters had been calling for an end to the country's hard-line establishment and for supreme leader Khamenei's death.
The total number of new cases in China was fewer than 100 for the third day in a row.
Houston fourth-graders also performed similarly to national peers in writing.
"In early December, immigration inspectors at Hartsfield will be able to match the fingerprints to the federal government's computerized ""watch lists,"" Williams said."
"Whitley's attorney, Marc Garber, called the ruling ""a huge victory."""
More than 400 people have been killed since August, including Afghan and foreign aid workers, U.S. and Afghan soldiers, officials and police, and many guerrillas.
"""The committee will define the role of the interim chairman and recommend an individual to fill that role,"" said lead director H. Carl McCall in a statement."
He left the ship after the collision, went to his home, and attempted suicide.
Cuban officials said that last year none of about two dozen nominated Cuban musicians received U.S. visas in time to attend the Latin Grammys.
Since sinking to 2003 lows in early March, the Dow Jones industrial average has rallied 13.8%.
They said they were not advocating the changes yet, but believed they are worth considering — especially as NATO expands to 26 members.
The new orders index rose to 52.2 percent from 51.9 percent in May.
"With a wry smile, Mr. Bush replied, ""You're looking pretty young these days."""
Penn Traffic filed for Chapter 11 reorganization at the end of May.
Coach Don Nelson declared Nowitzki out at the team's morning shootaround.
The Senate Banking Committee is scheduled to hold a hearing on Tuesday, when Donaldson will be questioned about hedge and mutual funds.
Prisoners were tortured and executed -- their ears and scalps severed for souvenirs.
"Sources say agents confiscated ""several"" documents he was carrying."
PeopleSoft also said it expects the acquisition to close in the third calendar quarter of 2003.
"""This man gambled with our lives and we, the passengers, lost,"" said Andres Rivera Jr., who was also on the bus."
At least 13 of the affected flights were scheduled out of Atlanta.
But the deal must get approval from the Federal Communications Commission and the Justice Department's antitrust division.
Federal Agent Bill Polychronopoulos said last night the man involved in the Melbourne incident had been unarmed.
CS's other main division, Financial Services, made a 666 million franc net profit, six percent below the prior quarter.
The procedure is generally performed in the second or third trimester.
"""Further testing is still under way, but at this stage, given the early detection, the outlook in such instances would be positive,"" the specialist said yesterday."
The bureau also failed to pursue other leads, including a local imam who dealt with several key 9-11 figures.
Apple noted that half the songs were purchased as part of albums.
The findings are being published today in the Annals of Internal Medicine.
Federal officials then gave the Texas DPS officer a number to call at the FAA to initiate lost aircraft procedures.
The Foreign Office says that Heaton is in detention but has not yet been charged with any offence.
The MTA will not discuss the matter because of pending litigation.
Shirley Hazzard and Edward P. Jones, both of whom needed more than a decade to complete their current novels, were also among the fiction finalists announced Wednesday.
The European Commission has developed a set of guidelines to help public administrators decide whether to migrate their enterprises to Open Source Software or not.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index added 11.98 points, or 0.72 percent, to 1,680.42.
In an interview, Ms. Healey, who is a criminologist, said many lawmakers here and across the country shared a wariness toward capital punishment.
There is no clear successor for Mr. O'Neill at Hyundai.
Before that the division was known as the NASCAR Grand National Series.
For now, the company's management appears to be standing behind Stewart.
This northern autumn US trainers will work with soldiers from four North African countries on patrolling and gathering intelligence.
However, official statistics published this week showed a surprise 0.6 per cent fall in manufacturing output in August.
Those systems typically combine institutional and community care and are paid for with combinations of state, federal and private money.
Johnsons site is www.katyjohnson .com.
Maxs is www.tuckermax.com.
The Dow Jones industrial average finished the day down 98.32 points at 9,011.53.
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR grew 1-3/32 for a yield of 4.30 percent, down from 4.35 percent late Wednesday.
"A spokesman said: ""Further testing is under way but at this stage, given the early detection, the outlook is positive."""
About 22% of twentysomethings are obese, which is roughly 30 pounds over a healthy weight.
All five were charged with robbery and criminal impersonation of a police officer.
Freddie expects Brendsel to continue serving as chair of the Freddie Mac Foundation.
A day earlier, a committee appointed by President Mohammad Khatami had called for an independent inquiry into the 54-year-old photojournalist's death.
Mr Blair admitted in a newspaper article Mr Bush’s critics were “rubbing their hands at the scope for embarrassing him”.
But the justices ruled that the police supervisor who repeatedly questioned Mr Martinez as he screamed in pain did not violate his Fifth Amendment rights.
The Federal Open Market Committee meeting gets under way on Tuesday with a monetary policy decision due on Wednesday.
Smith, 59, is charged with filing false reports to FBI headquarters about Leung's reliability and allowing her access to classified materials.
Three months into the study, the Atkins group had lost an average of about 15 pounds, compared with five for the low-fat group.
The two cases were from the University of Michigan, one involving undergraduate admissions and the other, law school admissions.
"""We need to take these threats seriously,"" said Vicki Saporta, president of the National Abortion Federation."
"Justices said that the Constitution allows the government to administer drugs only ""in limited circumstances."""
The loss ends the run of four straight Williams vs. Williams major finals, all won by Serena.
Since October 2001, American has laid off 6,149 flight attendants, according to George Price, a union spokesman.
"""For me, the Lewinsky imbroglio seemed like just another vicious scandal manufactured by political opponents."""
"""They have blocked all new bio-crops because of unfounded, unscientific fears,"" Bush said."
All those infected had recent close contact with prairie dogs.
The body of one of the four teens, 17-year-old Max Guarino, was found April 25 in Long Island Sound.
"Even with time, he said, ""it's going to be very difficult to determine the cause of death."""
Powell recently changed the story, telling officers that Hoffa's body was buried at his former home, where the search was conducted Wednesday.
Prosecutors said there is no question Waagner was behind the letters, which were sent at the same time of the anthrax attacks.
"So in his State of the Union address in January, Bush declared that the British government ""has learned that Saddam Hussein recently sought significant quantities of uranium from Africa."""
Texas Instruments climbed $1.37 to $19.25 yesterday and Novellus Systems Inc. advanced $1.76 to $36.31.
Schneiderman said this fare price would reflect the agency's legitimate financial condition as well as riders' concerns about having to pay 33 percent more to ride in a recession.
Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 15.66 to 1,046.79, its best advance since Oct.
1, when it gained 22.25.
The American troops, who also defend the mayor's compound, have been attacked on two separate occasions.
Mattel shares were down 1.5 percent in early afternoon trading on the New York Stock Exchange.
LLEYTON Hewitt yesterday traded his tennis racquet for his first sporting passion - Australian football - as the world champion relaxed before his Wimbledon title defence.
"""The choice was up to the dictator and he chose poorly,"" Mr Bush said."
Hitchcock has declined to comment on the case, as has Levin.
"Opposition politicians have described it as a ""major failure in coastal surveillance""."
The 30-year bond firmed 24/32, taking its yield to 4.18 percent, after hitting another record low of 4.16 percent.
"""The investigation appears to be focused on certain accounting practices common to the interactive entertainment industry, with specific emphasis on revenue recognition,"" Activision said in an SEC filing."
Prices for Treasury securities also rose, with the yield on the benchmark 10-year note falling to 4.19 percent.
"Chavez said investigators feel confident they've got ""at least one of the fires resolved in that regard."""
The addition of the house shooting expands the investigation area east by two miles, with the police now examining a seven-mile section of the freeway.
"But he added, ""Once the problem grew to a certain magnitude, nothing could have been done to prevent it from cascading out of control."""
Shevaun Pennington disappeared on Saturday morning after arranging to meet 31-year-old Toby Studabaker.
Hoffa, 62, vanished the afternoon of July 30, 1975, from a parking lot in Oakland County, about 25 miles north of Detroit.
The depositions were made public yesterday at the request of the P-I, The Seattle Times and The Associated Press.
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI ended up 64.64 points, or 0.71 percent, at 9,191.09, according to the latest available data.
The head of the panel, former Rep. Tillie Fowler of Florida, told present and past commanders that cadets don't trust them.
"""This has been a persistent problem that has not been solved,"" investigation board member Steven Wallace said."
He was arrested less than two kilometres from where he allegedly kidnapped her after brutally beating her mother and brother.
Some opposition leaders said they would reserve comment until mourning was over, but others called for the immediate withdrawal of troops.
The crime report surveyed 11,600 police and law enforcement agencies nationwide.
Lu reclined in a soft chair wearing a woolly coat near the blackened capsule.
"In the first three months of 2003 alone, weekly earnings adjusted for inflation fell 1.5% -- the biggest drop in more than a decade,"" Lieberman said."
"Mr Hadley, who has a new partner and child, said: ""I am absolutely delighted."
Spitz is expected to testify later for the defense.
And when butterflies were exposed to constant light, they flew directly toward the sun, apparently having lost their sense of time.
"Gibson said last month in a press statement that ""neither I nor my film are anti-Semitic."
Shares of Corixa were gaining 71 cents, or 10%, to $7.91 on the Nasdaq.
Her body was found at the foot of a back staircase in the couple's expensive home in Durham.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index shed 2.38 points, or 0.24 percent, at 995.10.
None of the casualties was Americans, said Capt. Michael Calvert, regiment spokesman.
Fidelity Investments has received a subpoena from New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer, who is investigating charges of market-timing and late-day trading in the mutual fund industry.
OS ANGELES Walt Disney Concert Hall, the new home of the Los Angeles Philharmonic, is a French curve in a city of T squares.
Parsons held engineering management positions at three space centers before being named director of the Stennis center last August.
"Mayor Bloomberg said the ""behavior of the people in question was a disgrace and totally inappropriate for city employees."""
Fewer than a dozen FBI agents were dispatched to secure and analyze evidence.
But the Quartet is divided three-to-one, the United States against the rest, on the question of whether they should treat Arafat as the representative of the Palestinian people.
SARS or severe acute respiratory syndrome emerged in November last year.
Runners are often injured by bulls and 13 have been killed since 1900.
The submission was on Monday, but the announcement was made Friday at the International Broadcasting Convention in Amsterdam.
"A senior Whitehall official said recently: ""It devalued the currency, there is no question about that . . .
It was a monumental cock-up."""
The Food and Drug Administration ultimately denied ImClone's drug application in December 2001, saying that an Erbitux clinical trial was deficient.
The SEC said on Thursday its staff was preparing to draw up rules to combat trading abuses.
"Our ""spiritual enemy,"" Boykin continued, ""will only be defeated if we come against them in the name of Jesus."""
Though that slower spending made 2003 look better, many of the expenditures actually will occur in 2004.
"""These are not solely American principles nor are they exclusively Western,"" Rumsfeld said."
The intervention force will confiscate weapons, reform the police, strengthen the courts and prison system and protect key institutions such as the Finance Ministry.
"Mr Martin said the company is ""cautiously optimistic regarding some improvement in sales and operating performance trends in the second half of 2003""."
"Mr. Suen said this evening, after the ruling, that Hong Kong's cabinet would meet ""very soon"" to decide whether to resume construction."
"""I fear on this occasion what happened is that those bits of the alphabet that supported the case were selected,"" he said."
The broad Standard & Poor's 500-stock index was up 4.83 points or 0.49 per cent to 980.76.
There was no immediate response from North Korea or the United States.
They did visit after her feeding tube had been removed, accompanied by the Rev. Thaddeus Malanowski, a Roman Catholic priest who visits Mrs. Schiavo weekly.
Hernandez has been treated for breast cancer, and Moore suffers from non-Hodgkin's lymphoma.
Police searched Tanzi's home near Parma on Wednesday, and prosecutors had sought to interrogate him that day only to find he had left Italy for an undisclosed foreign country.
Channel Nine has been billed as the most popular commercial station after recently recording 26 consecutive weeks on top of the ratings.
A 1991 Florida straw poll helped catapult a little-known Bill Clinton to national prominence.
Donations stemming from the Sept.
11 attacks helped push up contributions to human service organizations and large branches of the United Way by 15 percent and 28.6 percent, respectively.
Passed in 1999 but never put into effect, the law would have made it illegal for bar and restaurant patrons to light up.
Last year, the board raised rents by 2 percent on one-year renewals, 4 percent on two-year leases.
A company spokesman declined to comment further Wednesday, and a Redding Medical Center official didn't immediately return telephone calls.
"""The case has been ready to go for some time,"" said FBI Special Agent Craig Dahle in Birmingham."
Other elections have taken place in the northern city of Mosul and three cities in Iraq's south.
Aides to the general said Mr. Segal's arrival could have been the source of friction with Mr. Fowler.
Intel on Wednesday unveiled its next-generation processor for cell phones, PDAs, and other wireless devices.
If so, Powell said, he's calling the president ludicrous, too.
"E Ink is one of several groups trying to develop electronic ""paper"" for e-newspapers and e-books, and other uses - even clothing with computer screens sewn into it."
Bond also voiced his disappointment that neither President Bush nor his brother attended this conference in Florida or last year's in Texas.
"""I picked prostitutes as my victims because I hate most prostitutes and I did not want to pay them for sex."""
"""I feel that people that are sending these messages are infringing on my rights and everyone else's rights to use their computers,"" said McKechnie."
One of the defining and well-studied characteristics of temperament is how people react to novelty.
In its report, the foreign affairs committee absolved Mr. Blair of charges of doctoring intelligence.
The cargo was to be taken to a Turkish refinery on the Aegean coast.
Nvidia shares lost 58 cents (U.S.) or 3.46 per cent to $16.20 yesterday on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
He said the district had been waiting for the subpoenas and had always planned to comply once it received them.
Business groups and border cities have raised concerns that US-VISIT will mean longer lines that will damage cross-border commerce.
"U.S. Attorney Patrick Fitzgerald declined to name the wholesalers, whom he called ""victims in this."""
Analysts surveyed by Reuters Research expected earnings of 13 cents a share on revenue of $6.7 billion, on average.
In afternoon trading in Europe, France's CAC-40 advanced and Britain's FTSE 100 each gained 0.7 percent, while Germany's DAX index rose 0.6 percent.
SCO has also alleged that the generic Linux kernel contains code which is from its Unix property.
World economic leaders hailed signs of a global revival on Tuesday but agreed it had to be handled with care to prevent any setback.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index edged down 9 points, or 0.98 percent, to 921.
"""It seems to me they are attempting to protect privacy of theft."""
Joining Boston on Monday were the Massachusetts communities of Watertown, Saugus and Framingham.
Mehr said police had no way of knowing who or what Kilpatrick was shooting at with the single shot.
At least 13 flights out of Atlanta were listed as canceled.
Researchers found the fossils in a semidesert area of Venezuela, about 250 miles west of Caracas.
The hospital where she is staying is being guarded by about a dozen undercover police and military intelligence officers.
"It is not clear whether the apology to Sir Richard - known as ""C"" - was written on the orders of the Prime Minister or on Mr Campbell's own initiative."
The house shooting expands the investigation area east by three kilometres, with the police now examining an 11-kilometre section of the freeway.
"Kids, adults, booksellers and postal workers all are preparing for ""Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix."""
Massachusetts Attorney General Tom Reilly did not let the judge's penny-pinching get him down.
Prosecutors say Mzoudi was involved in the preparations for the attack until the final moment and that he was aware of and supported the attackers' violent goals.
Doctors who knowingly violate the ban could face up to two years in prison.
"Lord Falconer hailed the changes as ""a new beginning as far as the courts, Crown Prosecution Service and police are concerned""."
"""The law has several weaknesses which terrorists could exploit, undermining our defenses,"" Ashcroft said."
"""From now onwards we will embark on rolling mass action at strategic times of our choice and without any warning to the dictatorship,"" he said."
Acting New Haven Police Chief Francisco Ortiz said police were treating the explosion as a criminal matter.
Thus far, Stewart's company appears ready to stand behind her.
Frist proposed a process in which it would take gradually fewer votes to overcome filibusters preventing final votes on judicial confirmations.
After he was led into the execution chamber and strapped to a gurney, Swisher raised his head and appeared to smile as the prison chaplain spoke in his ear.
NEC's pitching its wireless gear and management software to a variety of industries, including healthcare and hospitality, a company spokesman said.
Three times in a row, they failed to get a big _enough turnout to elect a president.
In January 1996, two of his nude models were arrested atop of a Manhattan snowdrift, posed beneath an ice-cream parlor sign that advertised Frozen Fantasies.
Monday, the CIA said analysts concluded that Saddam is likely the speaker on the tape.
But she said it will be difficult for investigators to directly tie any decline in shuttle funding to the February disaster.
The civilian unemployment rate improved marginally last month - sliding down to 6.1 percent - as companies slashed payrolls by 93,000.
The bill, for somewhere between $100,000 and $250,000, went unnoticed until after the couple's legal defense fund paid out roughly $7 million in fees.
"The director of Rescue California, the group leading the recall campaign, called the lawsuit ""laughable."""
"Unilever Bestfoods said its ""I Can't Believe It's Not Butter' margarine spreads will be free of trans fat by next year."
He was tracked to Atlanta where he was arrested on Tuesday night.
The director of the Office of Medical Access, Cindy Cripps-Prawak, left her job after the department introduced a plan to distribute marijuana through doctors' offices.
"""You know I have always tried to be honest with you and open about my life,"" Limbaugh, 52, said during a stunning admission aired nationwide."
Trouble flared when at least four North Korean reporters rushed from the Taegu media centre to confront a dozen activists protesting against human rights abuses in the North.
The combined company's commercial lines and personal lines business will be consolidated under the Travelers brand and based in Hartford, Connecticut.
The G+J executive was testifying in Manhattan's State Supreme Court where O'Donnell and G+J are suing each other for breach of contract.
The Legislature returns today for a special session and they're expected to pass a compromise bill aimed at lowering doctors' medical malpractice insurance rates.
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR rose 22/32 for a yield of 4.31 percent, versus 4.35 percent at Wednesday's close.
PowderJect's strong U.S. position will complement Chiron's European presence, analysts said.
"And it's not in the regular season, but right now,"" Babcock said."
Its second-quarter earnings per share of 22 cents was slightly better than analysts' estimates of 19 cents a share and more than double its prediction in April.
"""We condemn the Governing Council headed by the United States,"" Muqtada al Sadr said in a sermon at a mosque."
Lucas Goodrum, 21, of Scottsville was arrested Sunday in the death of Katie Autry, of Pellville.
Microsoft said Friday that it is halting development of future Macintosh versions of its Internet Explorer browser, citing competition from Apple Computer's Safari browser.
Heatley was sixth in the league in goals last season with 41 and ninth in points with 89.
The only other person who had not been accounted for Sunday was a man from Fort Worth, Texas.
The affidavit said Mr. al-Amoudi made at least 10 trips to Libya using one Yemeni and two U.S. passports.
Representatives of its tribal and ethnic groups named a cross-section of residents yesterday to run municipal affairs alongside the U.S. military until elections can be held.
Bloodsworth was ultimately cleared with evidence gathered from a semen stain on the victim's panties.
The stretch of Danube river passing through the Balkans dropped so low that wrecks of World War II boats became visible.
A man arrested for allegedly threatening to shoot and kill a city councilman from Queens was ordered held on $100,000 bail during an early morning court appearance Saturday.
The powerful CGT and other unions remained opposed to the plans, however, and demanded the government renegotiate the reform with them.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX shed 1.8 points, or 0.18 percent, to 991.
"""There's no reason for you to keep your skills up,"" U.S. District Judge J. Frederick Motz told McGriff after he was sentenced."
SAN Architect and AutoAdvice can be used by themselves or as extensions to the ControlCenter family of storage management applications.
"""We had nothing to do with @Stake's internal personnel decision,"" Microsoft spokesman Sean Sundwell said."
With 4.7 million people infected with HIV or AIDS, South Africa has the world's highest AIDS caseload.
The program, which only briefly downloads the pornographic material to the usurped computer, is invisible to the computer's owner.
A couple starved their four adopted sons for years while allowing their daughters to feast on takeaways, police and neighbours said today.
Drax faced a financial crisis late last year after it lost its most lucrative sales contract, held with insolvent utility TXU Europe.
The Bush administration should make public the fact about Saudi Arabia's complicity with terrorists rather than worry about offending the kingdom, lawmakers said Sunday.
The premium edition adds ISA Server, SQL Server and a specialized edition of BizTalk 2004.
"The department told airlines ""the threat level to UK civil aviation interests in Kenya has increased to imminent."
"""APEC leaders are painfully aware that security and prosperity are inseparable,"" Thaksin said."
Gartner Inc. also raised its worldwide PC shipment forecast in August to 8.9 percent growth for 2003, up from expectations of 7.2 percent.
Negotiators talked with the boy for more than an hour, and SWAT officers surrounded the classroom, Bragdon said.
Buoyed by advice imparted by Nicklaus, Howell shot an 8-under 64 on Thursday to enter today's round with a one-stroke lead over Kenny Perry.
Imagine, one said, what a bullet would do in someone's brain.
"At midnight on Wednesday, 68 percent of voters said ""no"" to the tax, with 97 percent of the votes counted."
Though the legal age for marriage in Romania is 18, the country generally tolerates the Gypsy tradition of arranged child weddings.
"""That failure to act contributed to September 11 and the failure to act today continues [to put] Americans in a vulnerable circumstance,"" said Graham."
In after-hours trading, H-P shares rose 62 cents to $22.83 after adding 56 cents in the regular session.
The fighting begun May 7 after neighboring Uganda completed the withdrawal of its more than 6,000 soldiers from in an around Bunia.
"In Virginia, Mr. Kilgore, a Republican, accused the court of undermining ""Virginia's right to pass legislation that reflects the views and values of our citizens."""
The health department spokesperson added the department is following Centers for Disease Control protocol.
Terri Schiavo, 39, underwent the procedure at the Tampa Bay area hospice where she has been living for several years, said her father, Bob Schindler.
State officials estimated the cost at nearly $2 billion.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index rose 3.42 points, or 0.34 percent, to 1,007.84.
Of 456 women who had experienced stress, 24 (5.3%) had developed breast cancer.
Under the agreement, LendingTree shareholders would receive 0.6199 of a USAi share for each share in LendingTree.
The department ordered Hanover Insurance to cut its rates by 31 percent.
Miodrag Zivkovic, of the Liberal Alliance of Montenegro, won 31 percent of the vote, while the independent Dragan Hajdukovic got 4 percent.
Carlton Dotson, who was on the team last season and lives in Hurlock, Md., said he was told not to talk about the case.
The largest number of arrests, about 400, were on charges of manufacturing or distributing child pornography on the Internet.
"""We think it's great news,"" said Enron spokesman Eric Thode."
The NASD also alleges Young flew multiple times on Tyco corporate jets, often accompanied by Kozlowski.
The veteran rock group's four-disc DVD set, called Four Flicks and due Nov.
11 from TGA Entertainment, is expected to be one of the holiday season's top sellers.
Parson has been charged on one count of intentionally causing or attempting to cause damage to a computer.
"""As expected, second-quarter sales were weak driven by the combination of declining retail inventories and market-share losses,"" said Robert A. Eckert, chief executive."
Meanwhile, volunteers at Pacific Lutheran University near Tacoma, about 40 miles to the south, simulated a second, simultaneous attack.
The U.S. women, who are defending champions, will play on Sept.
25 in Philadelphia and conclude group competition on Sept.
28 in Columbus, Ohio.
The group criticizing Schwarzenegger, the League of United Latin American Citizens, said the Austrian-born actor's advisory board position brings into question his commitment to Latinos.
"""He's a known killer who was a close associate of Sept.
11 mastermind Khalid Shaikh Mohammed."
"CIA Director George Tenet said the two men were ""defined by dedication and courage."""
The Group of Seven nations, meanwhile, also saw some improvement, with the leading indicator rising to 119.1, from April's 118.2.
In New York City, opponents of the ban are planning a protest rally at City Hall Thursday at 1 p.m.
They will help draft a plan to attack obesity that Kraft will implement over three to four years.
Lapidus expects Ford to be down 5 percent, Chrysler down 10 percent and foreign brands up 4 percent driven by strong truck sales at Honda.
Easynews Inc. was subpoenaed late last week by the FBI, which was seeking account information related to the uploading of the virus to the ISP's Usenet news group server.
The Standard & Poor's 500 Index lost 6.77, or 0.7 percent, to 927.62 as of 10:33 a.m. in New York.
Among those waiting a turn was Jodie Singer, a sixth-grader from Washington, D.C.
The blasts killed two people and injured more than 150 others.
But none of the ministers opposed Mr. Powell's suggestion outright on Thursday, the ministers said.
It was the third time in four years that wildfires forced the park to close.
"It also offers a ""self-healing"" option so businesses have continuous access to critical servers, data and applications."
The letter bomb sent to Prodi exploded in his hands but he was unhurt.
The dollar rose 0.15 percent against the Japanese currency to 115.97 yen.
Some current and former ferry employees have said those rules were often ignored.
Preventing stronger gains, News Corp fell 1.3 percent to A$12.43 and Brambles dropped 1.9 percent to A$4.75 after a weak performance overnight.
"""The lives of American war-fighters can be placed at direct risk through illegal transfer of military components,"" Joseph Schmitz, Defence Department inspector general, said."
Less than 20 percent of Boise's sales would come from making lumber and paper after the OfficeMax purchase is completed.
ISRAELI soldiers knocked down empty mobile homes and water towers in 10 tiny West Bank settlement outposts overnight as part of a US-backed Mideast peace plan.
The San Jose-based company posted a net income of $64.2 million, or 27 cents per share, in the quarter ended May 30.
PowderJect, roughly 20 percent owned by Chief Executive Paul Drayson and his family, reported surging annual profit early this month.
Kathleen Peterson's body was found in December 2001 at the bottom of a staircase in the couple's home.
The Fed afterglow lingered well into Wednesday and enhanced demand for the second installment of a massive U.S. Treasury refunding -- $18 billion in five-year notes.
Mother-of-two Sally, originally from Coatbridge, Lanarkshire, had stepped on to the escalator when it collapsed.
He faces a maximum sentence of 59 to 87 years in prison if convicted.
Prosecutors said PW Marketing violated the 1998 anti-spam law because these unsolicited e-mails were sent without a free call number for recipients to phone to stop additional mailings.
However, in the New Jersey case, a panel of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 3rd Circuit upheld the government by a 2-1 vote.
New construction has not put a drag on the skyrocketing median home price, which is $364,000 in April, up 14.8 percent from a year ago.
Advancers outnumbered decliners by nearly 8 to 3 on the NYSE and more than 11 to 5 on Nasdaq.
Even without call center requests, companies using the handset option must have 95 percent of their customers using the technology by the end of 2005.
"On Thursday, Lee won a preliminary injunction in New York preventing Viacom from using the name ""Spike TV."""
Mr Levine said she had been offered $400,000 to tell her story to an Australian TV network.
"As they wound through police barricades to the funeral home, many chanted ""Celia, Celia."""
"""I wanted to bring the most beautiful people into the most beautiful building,"" Tunick said Sunday."
Anger grew after a police van injured several protesters by speeding through the crowd.
Part of the accord was the implementation of a special health council that would monitor health spending and progress in reforming the health system.
The MTA had argued it needed to raise fares to close a two-year deficit it estimated at different times ranged from less than $1 billion to $2.8 billion.
The biggest threat to order seemed to be looting and crime, including robberies by some of the tens of thousands of prisoners that Mr. Hussein freed last year.
A ruling last week by U.S. District Judge Lee R. West in Oklahoma City that the FTC lacked authority to run the registry triggered a whirlwind of activity in Washington.
The new Finder puts a user's folders, hard drive, network servers, iDisk and removable media in one location, providing one-click access.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index added 0.99 points, or 0.1 percent, at 995.69.
In the entire fiscal year, the company lost a record $1.27 billion, or $2.11 a share, on sales of nearly $3.1 billion.
The new analysis found that 32 of 16,608 participants developed ovarian cancer in about 5 1/2 years of follow-up, including 20 women taking hormones.
A home handyman is building a missile in his garage with parts bought over the internet and shipped through Customs.
Fanned by the hot, dry Santa Ana winds and minimal humidity, major fires were raging in at least 10 places, having already burned nearly 80 937 hectares.
"President George Bush called the blackout ""a wake-up call"" to modernise the nation's power-sharing system."
"""The commission's staff believes that Lay has personal knowledge of several matters under investigation,"" the SEC said."
Sales rose 37 per cent year-on-year to 1.76bn, beating expectations.
Stocks dipped lower Tuesday as investors opted to cash in profits from Monday's big rally despite a trio of reports suggesting modest improvement in the economy.
Fujitsu Siemens Computers on Tuesday made good on a promise to offer a workstation based on Advanced Micro Devices' Opteron processor.
Al-Numan was a longtime member of the regional command of the Baath party.
MTA spokeswoman Marisa Baldeo Sunday night declined to discuss the matter because of the pending litigation.
Kiernan testified that Seifert had received a gunshot wound to the back.
VeriSign introduced its Site Finder service on Sept.
15.
"The Foreign Office said there was a ""clear"" risk of terrorist attack in Djibouti, Eritrea, Ethiopia, Somalia, Tanzania and Uganda."
"""These are dark days for our industry,"" Giovanni Bisignani, director general of the Geneva-based organization, said in a statement."
"In a public statement, a spokesperson said: ""Removing the waiver means nothing when Oracle still has pending litigation in Delaware that opposes the PeopleSoft/J.D. Edwards transaction."""
The boy also sprayed the room full of retardant from fire extinguishers, which made it hard to see, the chief said.
"The industry is working with the FDA ""to get firm answers and not just speculation,"" he told Reuters Health."
Teams of inspectors walked into a restricted area at one park without being stopped; others took pictures of sensitive areas without being challenged.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was up 17.48 points, or 0.95 percent, at 1,863.18.
About 120 potential jurors were being asked to complete a lengthy questionnaire.
Captain Robert Ramsey of US 1St Armored Division said a truck had exploded outside the building at around 11 am.
As a teen, he stabbed a 6-year-old boy, nearly killing him, for no apparent reason.
They were held under Section 41 of the Terrorism Act 2000 on suspicion of involvement in the commission, preparation or instigation of acts of terrorism.
On March 6, the board, most of whose members were appointed by Gov. George Pataki, unanimously agreed to impose the hikes.
He blamed guerrillas from the Taliban regime ousted in late 2001 and said it was possible the bomber died in the blast.
"Microsoft has described the technology as ""a brand new client platform for building smart, connected, media rich applications in Longhorn."""
Swartz, indicted in February, had argued that New Hampshire was the wrong place to charge him.
Dynes came to UC San Diego in 1991 after 22 years as a physicist with AT&T Bell Labs.
As a precaution, NASA instructed space station astronauts to periodically seek shelter from the storm's effects in the station's Russian module.
Congress twice before passed similar restrictions, but President Bill Clinton vetoed them.
"Whether it works out, timewise, that I can march with all four ... we'll see what happens,"" he said."
The product will be targeted at companies that need to create, publish, manage and archive web-based content within a corporate intranet, extranet and internet environment.
"""Two Ex-Im board members displayed courage and environmental leadership in the face of considerable pressure,"" said Jon Sohn, international campaigner for Friends of the Earth."
Five alternate jurors were also chosen, with a final one set to be selected Friday morning from the panel.
The best-performing stock was Altria Group Inc., which rose more than 27 percent to close at $42.31 a share.
Roberts said he didn't think excess inventory showed up in Avery's March quarter, although it could explain the drop and quick recovery in sales during the current quarter.
On Monday, Abbey trotted on stage, tail wagging, with Conway before a crowd of 10,000 attendees at PeopleSoft's annual customer conference.
The central bank's policy board left rates steady for now, as widely expected, but surprised the market by declaring that overall risks were weighted toward weakness.
His attorney said he is disputing the accusations through the securities dealers association's hearing process.
The second vulnerability is a result of IE not implementing a block on a file download dialog box.
The acquisition is expected to close by the end of the month.
United Nations inspectors have discovered traces of highly enriched uranium near an Iranian nuclear facility, heightening worries that the country may have a secret nuclear weapons program.
It's been a busy couple of days for enterprise security gurus tasked with the job of keeping their companies safe and sound.
The global death toll approached 770 with more than 8,300 people sickened since the SARS virus first appeared in southern China in November.
A former candidate for governor of New York, he styled himself an advocate of better corporate governance.
However, several ministers from more developed APEC economies have said failure to fight terror will be a cost in itself.
"Nokia's market share for the second quarter is estimated to be higher than the first quarter, 2003."""
He also said that Tom Siebel had turned in 26 million stock options with a value of $54 million to $56 million earlier this year.
The Conference Board reported its U.S. Consumer Confidence Index slipped to 83.5 in June from 83.6 in May.
AMD had revenue of $715 million and a loss of 42 cents a share during the March quarter.
A key player in former state Treasurer Paul Silvester's corruption scheme testified on Tuesday about kickbacks and bribes Silvester traded for state business.
"""At least two of them were supposed to be in positions of leadership for the younger boys."
Advancing issues outnumbered decliners about 8 to 5 on the New York Stock Exchange.
Spinnaker employs 83 people, most of whom are engineers.
Many of the victims of Sunday's attack had been headed out of Iraq for R&R or emergency leave.
Immunizing mice with pneumococcusleads tothe generation of antibodies that the researchers think lead to the protection from heart disease, he said.
In Europe, France's CAC-40 fell 0.8 percent, Britain's FTSE 100 lost 0.9 percent and Germany's DAX index gave back 1 percent.
She said the store ordered 520 copies and reserved another 300.
Analysts spent yesterday running the red pen through the accounts and are expected to announce more cuts to their valuations.
El Watan, an Algerian newspaper, reported that the kidnappers fiercely resisted the army assault this morning, firing Kalashnikov rifles.
City Councilman Cedric Wilson said those killed were Cpl. James Crump, Officer Arnold Strickland and dispatcher Ace Mealer.
"""Based on the history and success of The Winston in Charlotte, I believe there's no place but Lowe's Motor Speedway that can do it justice."""
He also said he advised his grown-up children not to run up credit card debts.
GE stock closed at $30.65 a share, down about 42 cents, on the New York Stock Exchange.
Wyoming and New Mexico both reported two deaths within the past week.
"""Our decision today is quite limited,"" the judges stated in their opinion."
"But the institute says the department ""woefully underestimates"" the changes that would occur under the proposal."
It also said it expects a civil complaint by the Securities and Exchange Commission.
When the prime minister's position was established in the spring, it offered the United States and Israel a way to work around Arafat.
Defence lawyers sought to have those charges thrown out, claiming the Bali court hearing Mr Samudra's case did not have jurisdiction over those crimes.
"""The steps that the Iranians claim to have taken in terms of capturing al-Qaida are insufficient."
"""I had one bad stretch of holes that put me out of contention,"" Woods said, referring to his 42 on the front nine Saturday."
A three-judge panel of the 8th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in St. Louis overturned a ruling issued last year that supported the ordinance.
But she didn't say whether she'll certify the two-year $117.4 billion budget for 2004-05.
Digital download sales of recorded albums and singles will be included in the album and singles sales charts, respectively.
The GAO found that cable rates have increased by 40 percent during the past five years, far above the 12 percent inflation in that period.
The budget office said one provision of the Senate bill accounted for $40 billion of the cost.
"Although it's unclear whether Sobig was to blame, The New York Times also asked employees at its headquarters yesterday to shut down their computers because of ""system difficulties."""
"""We wanted to kind of smoke him out, to see where he was coming from,"" said Robert Schindler."
A nationally board certified teacher with a master's degree, Kelley, in his 30th year teaching, makes $65,000.
Nearly 300 mutinous troops who seized a Manila shopping and apartment complex demanding the government resign gave up and retreated peacefully after some 19 hours.
"""It is clear that the free world, those who love freedom and peace, must deal harshly with Hamas and the killers,"" he said."
Other members of the organization are believed to be in Pakistani cities, where many of the arrests of key Al Qaeda operatives have taken place.
In Washington, FBI spokesman John Iannarelli said Sunday the bureau will provide forensic analysis of the wreckage.
The Web site of Hong Kong-based Phoenix TV quoted unnamed experts as saying it would happen between Oct.
10 and 17 and carry two men.
House Judiciary Committee Chairman James Sensenbrenner, R-Wis., says he is sensitive to civil liberties complaints.
"""For me, the Lewinsky imbroglio seemed like just another vicious scandal manufactured by political opponents,"" according to extracts released yesterday."
A spokesman for the United States Attorney's office in Manhattan had no comment.
But it is clear that the Joint Intelligence Committee was not involved.
Bloodsworth was ultimately cleared with evidence gathered from a semen stain on the victim's underwear.
The additional contribution brings total U.S. food aid to North Korea this year to 100,000 tonnes.
The House has already approved the measure, and Congress twice sent similar legislation to President Clinton, who vetoed it.
"Scott McClellan, a White House spokesman, called the decision ""troubling and flawed."""
Canada has just decided to legalize same-sex marriage, and they have high hope that Massachusetts' high court will take a similar step within a few weeks.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX dropped 9.90 points, or 0.99 percent, to 988.61.
It marked the fourth straight week and the ninth time this year that rates on this benchmark mortgage fell to an all-time weekly low.
The Standard & Poor's 500 index declined by 4.39, or 0.4 percent, to 998.88, after losing 6.11 on Thursday.
The House of Representative passed an identical amendment on Sept.
9, by a 227-188 vote.
Stanford (46-15) plays South Carolina (44-20) today in a first-round game at Rosenblatt Stadium in Omaha, Neb.
Missouri Gov. Bob Holden asked the White House to declare a federal disaster in 39 counties.
The tone was set by President Hu, the 60-year-old who became the Communist Partys general secretary in November last year and then the countrys president in March this year.
Shares of Hartford were up $2.28, or 5.2 percent, to $45.90 in midday trading.
On Monday, it also announced the resignation of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Phil Condit.
By 2007, antivirus solutions will carry a worldwide price tag double that of 2002: $4.4 billion.
Sovereign's shares lost 74 cents, or 4.5%, to $15.68.
Pollack said yesterday the plaintiffs failed to show that Merrill and Blodget directly caused their losses.
"In a statement, Mr. Rowland said: ""As is the case with all appointees, Commissioner Anson is accountable to me."
Authorities believe the children, who were last seen with their father at a fireworks display in Concord on July 4, are dead.
Other recommendations included a special counsel on oceans in the White House, creation of regional ocean ecosystem councils and a national system to protect marine reserves.
Moroccan police have arrested 33 suspects, including some linked to the radical Djihad Salafist group, a government official said.
But 13 people have been killed since 1900 and hundreds injured.
But Nelson claims he did it because he was drunk on beer, not because Rosenbaum was jewish.
Democratic Lt. Gov. Cruz Bustamante and Republican state Sen. Tom McClintock are in different political worlds.
"""I feel that my supervision was inadequate,"" Taiwan's minister of health, Twu Shiing-jer, told parliament after tendering his resignation."
Its keywords are supported by Chinese language Web portals.
"This is one of the most important solutions for portable gaming,"" said Satoru Okada, general manager of Nintendo's research and engineering department."
"Still, Jessica Biel (of ""7th Heaven"" fame) brings an athletic intensity to the role of Leatherface's last elusive victim."
"The previous weekend record for an R-rated film was $58 million for ""Hannibal."""
Her 92-year-old husband is now severely debilitated by Alzheimer's disease.
That is, if the Recording Industry Association of America has anything to say about it.
Two Kuwaitis and six Palestinians with Jordanian passports were among the suspects, the official said.
But an agency employee lent the tape to a friend, who lent it to Mr. Gonzalez.
In March, 67 percent connected through cable, up from 63 percent a year earlier.
"""Our fundamental values haven't changed,"" Mary Sue Coleman, president of the university, said in a statement in Ann Arbor."
Global HRT sales, which are dominated by Wyeth of the US, were worth $3.8bn in 2001, according to Data- monitor, the London-based market research company.
Microsoft released Windows Rights Management Client 1.0, the first software client, for free download earlier this week.
Bush already is halfway to his goal of raising $150 million to $170 million for next year's primaries.
It would now take place some time before August 8 in Auckland.
United Airlines plans to become the first domestic airline to offer e-mail on all its domestic flights by the end of the year, the company announced yesterday.
Once converted, BayStar will own an aggregate of approximately 2.95 million shares of SCO common stock or 17.5 percent of the company's outstanding shares.
Law enforcement sources who spoke on condition of anonymity confirmed to The Associated Press that Limbaugh was being investigated by the Palm Beach County, Fla., state attorney's office.
Security assessments of these facilities should take place every three years.
Bryant surrendered to authorities on Friday and posted a $25,000 bond.
The calculation shows that the number of deaths from pneumonia and influenza have exceeded the usual number for recent weeks.
He was referring to John S. Reed, the former Citicorp chief executive who became interim chairman and chief executive of the exchange last Sunday .
David Brame fatally shot his wife and then himself on April 26 in a Gig Harbor shopping-mall parking lot.
Axelrod died in his sleep of heart failure, said his daughter, Nina Axelrod.
The trial, which could last until early 2004, is expected to hear the first of 125 witnesses Friday.
Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld and others argued that Saddam Hussein (news - web sites) possessed chemical, biological and other weapons and was hiding them.
Niels told an interviewer in 1999 he thought the Old Man would outlive him by many years.
Ms. Gelinas said only 1.5 per cent of those have been fully re-evaluated.
He said eight or nine homes had been destroyed by the now-smoldering fire northwest of Boulder.
Only 29 families of frogs are known, most of which were named by the mid-1800s.
On Wednesday, Judge Pollack dismissed another case, this one against Merrill Lynch investors in the firm's Global Technology Fund.
While waiting for a bomb squad to arrive, the bomb exploded, killing Wells.
Kraft's shares fell 25 cents to close at $32.30 yesterday on the New York Stock Exchange.
Another person, a man from Fort Worth, Texas, also was missing.
This study's researchers, from the Institute of Child Development of the University of Minnesota, had earlier found the same pattern in 3- and 4-year-olds.
One of the FBI's key operatives, who has had a falling-out with the bureau, provided an account of the operation at a friend's closed immigration court proceeding.
The initial report was made to Modesto Police December 28.
At first blush, then, the creators of the registry would seem to have drawn the line between exempted and banned calls in the right place.
Mosel had been unable to present financial statements in time because of mergers among subsidiaries and a change of accountants, the company said yesterday.
However, prosecutors have declined to take criminal action against guards, though Fine said his inquiry is not finished.
FCC officials said the embedded electronic signal is designed to make it more difficult for consumers to then transfer copies to the Internet.
The FTC also said AOL and CompuServe failed to deliver timely rebates to consumers.
Altria shares fell 2.5 percent or $1.11 to $42.57 and were the Dow's biggest percentage loser.
"""It's just too important to keeping crime down,"" he said of Operation Impact, which began Jan.
3."
"""It's always fun to come to Colorado,"" said Dixon, who moved into second in the IRL standings behind Kanaan."
The governor said the use of the credit card was a mistake, and has since reimbursed the party for the expense.
"This is America, my friends, and it should not happen here,"" he said to loud applause."
Mr Hughes had seen Amrozi's face on television, the infamous images of the grinning mechanic from east Java.
She was taken by ambulance to Charing Cross Hospital in Hammersmith.
Those numbers showed the U.S. economy shed another 48,000 jobs in April, while the jobless rate jumped to 6 per cent.
Some psychiatrists, Dr. Lieberman among them, noted that other studies of S.S.R.I.'s in children had also failed to find large differences in effectiveness between the drugs and placebos.
Emile Laroza, 51, contracted SARS while working as a nurse at North York General Hospital, the epicentre of the second SARS outbreak.
"""The president's campaign in 2000 set a standard for disclosure in political fund raising, and the campaign will again in 2004,"" Bush campaign spokesman Dan Ronayne said."
Another is investor disenchantment with U.S. investments, leading them to pull out of U.S. assets--selling dollars as they do so, and driving its exchange rate down.
Doris Brasher, who owns a grocery store near the police station, said many in the close-knit town knew the men who were killed.
Under a proposed plan of arrangement, Slocan shareholders will receive 1.3147 Canfor shares for every Slocan share they own.
The lawmakers expected to arrive in Pyongyang on Friday and leave Sunday for South Korea.
The other semifinal between Guillermo Coria of Argentina and Martin Verkerk of the Netherlands is also compelling.
Doctors say one or both boys may die, and that some brain damage is possible if they survive.
Prosecutors filed a motion informing Lee they intend to seek the death penalty.
Singer Brandy and her husband, Robert Smith, have called it quits.
"""I conclude that plaintiffs have shown, albeit barely ... that Iraq provided material support to Bin Laden and Al Qaeda,"" Baer said."
As planned, the services will be rolled into Yukon when it ships (see story).
One of the most well studied facets of temperament is how people respond to novelty.
A federal grand jury indicted them on Tuesday; the document was sealed until yesterday to allow authorities to make arrests.
The dead man, Leon Williams, was found in his third-floor apartment.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was down 27.13 points, or 1.64 percent, at 1,626.49, based on the latest data.
World No.2 Lleyton Hewitt has accused his professional peers of long-standing malice, including an attempt last year to dupe him into refusing a drug test.
Elan would receive an additional $25 million in January if Skelaxin retains patent exclusivity and would also get a five percent share of sales from 2005.
"""He would often call me for advice,"" said lawyer Ron Kuby, a friend who had represented him in court."
"""We're making these commitments first and foremost because we think it's the right thing to do,"" said Michael Mudd, spokesman for the Northfield-based company."
November 17's last victim was British defence attache Stephen Saunders, who was shot on an Athens road in June 2000.
Vial estimated that 250 to 500 vehicles were stranded overnight after the pass through the Siskiyou Mountains was closed Sunday night.
All the fund companies have said they are cooperating with Spitzer's probe.
He added: ``I've never heard of more reprehensiblebehaviour by a doctor.
Along with chip maker Intel, the companies include Sony, Microsoft, Hewlett-Packard, International Business Machines, Gateway, Nokia and others.
NEW YORK -(Dow Jones)- Former star investment banker Frank Quattrone pleaded not guilty Tuesday to criminal charges of obstruction of justice and witness tampering.
Indeed, Mr. Weill, a self-described workaholic, said he planned to remain very involved in the company.
The Qantas colleagues were last night in a serious but stable condition after being rushed to Royal Melbourne Hospital.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index added 1.92 points, or 0.12 percent, at 1,647.94.
The group expects to roll out the first products by the second half of 2004.
In Europe, France's CAC-40 rose 1.3 percent, Britain's FTSE 100 declined 0.2 percent and Germany's DAX index gained 0.6 percent.
Mr Li, deputy chairman of Cheung Kong Holdings, is the son of Hong Kong billionaire Li Ka-shing.
The revised draft removed a reference to a 1999 study showing global temperatures had risen sharply in the past decade compared to the previous 1,000 years.
"""I know of no pressure,"" said Mr. Feith, the under secretary of defense for policy."
"""It is unfortunate that Senator Clinton would seek to politicize such a qualified nominee as Governor Leavitt."
Though she defeated Williams on May 17 in the semifinals at Rome, Mauresmo isn't favored today.
That fire devastated timber on the reservation, while charring 469,000 acres and destroying 491 homes in surrounding communities.
The auditors, for example, did not have access to church personnel files.
When fully operational, the facility is expected to employ up to 1,000 people.
A court in southern China yesterday jailed two people for life for organising a three-day sexual romp with hundreds of prostitutes by visiting employees of a Japanese company.
Tampa Bay manager Lou Piniella, bench coach John McLaren and Huff all were ejected in the middle of the ninth.
They frequently tortured and shot prisoners, severing ears and scalps for souvenirs.
To reach Brad Cooper, Johnson County municipal reporter, call (816) 234-7724 or send e-mail to bcooper@kcstar.com.
She said her son followed his father and grandfather into the military.
State interior ministry spokesman Vasant Pitke told Reuters that at least 42 people had been killed and 112 injured.
Tampa Bay manager Lou Piniella, bench coach John McLaren and right fielder Aubrey Huff were ejected for arguing after Huff was called out on strikes to end the ninth.
Based on having at least one of the symptoms, most students had been hung over between three and 11 times in the previous year.
The SEC specifically advised IBM that this is a fact-finding investigation and that it has not reached any conclusions related to this matter, IBM said in a statement.
The combined companies' commercial and personal lines will be consolidated under the Travelers brand and will be based in Hartford, Conn., Travelers' current headquarters.
But tropical storm warnings and watches were posted today for Haiti, western portions of the Dominican Republic, the southeastern Bahamas and the Turk and Caicos islands.
"I never attended a youth camp organised by that diocese."""
Late last week, sources told Reuters cable TV company Comcast Corp. CMCSA.O also was looking at buying VUE assets.
The incubation period in cattle is four to five years, said Dr. Stephen Sundlof of the Food and Drug Administration (news - web sites).
It will appear in the next few weeks on the Web site of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
"""The accusation that I misappropriated money from Jennifer Lopez is both untrue and offensive,"" Medina said in a statement."
Amrozi said Jews and the US and its allies had evil plans to colonise countries like Indonesia.
The Standard & Poor's 500 index declined 6.11, or 0.6 per cent, to 1003.27, having shed 19.67 in the previous session.
"""Obviously, I have made statements that are ludicrous and crazy and outrageous because that's the way I was."""
Peterson's lawyer, Mark Geragos of Los Angeles, was quick to swipe at the testing procedure.
Passengers would be given a refund and voucher for another trip, she said.
The identical rovers will act as robotic geologists, searching for evidence of past water.
NASCAR will get an estimated $75 million a year in cash and promotional concessions.
The company is also testing its cancer drug Rituxan for use by rheumatoid arthritis patients.
The agency said it would not release the name of the person involved because he is a minor.
Virtual PC, which Microsoft acquired from Connectix Corp. in February, will not run on the G5, the company said.
School officials said Van-Vliet reported the accident using the bus’ radio.
An hour later Israeli attack helicopters rained missiles on a car in Gaza City, killing seven people, Palestinian sources said.
Mr Adams, managing director, will become chief executive on January 1.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index was up 9.05 points, or 0.94 percent, at 972.64.
"""Martha Stewart is not being prosecuted for who she is but for what she did."""
No matter who becomes the sponsor for stock-car racings top series, NASCAR will need an all-star event, Wheeler said Tuesday.
"""I feel like the weight of the world has been lifted from my shoulders,"" Ms. McCorvey said at a downtown Dallas news conference."
"""It looks very much like an isolated event,"" World Health Organization spokeswoman Maria Cheng said."
Arnold Schwarzenegger and former Los Angeles Mayor Richard Riordan may jump in by the Aug.
9 deadline to file.
County Judge Tim Harley declared a mistrial because the jury could not reach a verdict.
British Airways' New York-to-London runs will end in October.
The FBI said at least 7000 computers were infected by Parson's software.
The Standard Edition is $15,000 per processor or $300 per named user.
Authorities said the bodies of a man and woman were recovered on Friday from a camping ground in nearby Devore, where a wall of mud destroyed 32 caravans.
Legal experts said the case may mark the first time a parent has been convicted of contributing to a child's suicide.
The Standard & Poor's 500 Index slipped 0.26 point, or 0.02 percent, to 1,121.96.
Those two witnesses say that Nelson confessed to killing Rosenbaum, but claimed he did it because he was drunk on beer.
This led to the recovery of the 270-kilogram Cancuen altar, announced on Wednesday by the Vanderbilt University in Nashville and the National Geographic Society.
The National Transportation Safety Board has subpoenaed Gansas, arguing his immediate testimony remains critical to its investigation.
"They were just making sure they dotted all the I's and crossed all the T's,"" said Blair Schoof, executive director of music for AOL Europe."
"""The U.S. will find the killers and they will learn the meaning of American justice,"" Bush told the crowd, which burst into applause."
He was convicted in his absence in January and sentenced to 124 years.
Officers talked with the boy for about an hour and a half, Bragdon said.
Second quarter sales came in at $645 million, up from $600 million the year before, AMD said.
Westermayer was 26 then, and a friend and former manager who knew she was unhappy in her job tipped her to another position.
The Embraer jets are scheduled to be delivered by September 2006.
She was arraigned in New York state on three counts of murder and ordered held without bail.
He planned Monday to formally announce the effort alongside several union presidents.
Cisco executives said they were encouraged by $1.3 billion in cash flow and the increase in net income, but hoped for a rebound.
In the aftermath of Hurricane Isabel, federal and local governments remained shut down, as did schools and many businesses.
Monday's three-count indictment replaces a criminal complaint filed by prosecutors on April 23.
Shares of M&T, which is based in Buffalo, fell 41 cents, to $91.51.
He said Qualcomm has enjoyed many years of selling CDMA chips without much competition.
Sanders and colleagues at RAFT exposed skin samples removed from consenting patients during surgery to UVA light at intensities similar to that of sunlight.
The sales leave Mr. Turner with about 45 million shares in AOL.
Mr Blair became Labour leader in 1994 after the then leader, John Smith, died of a heart attack.
GM is also expected to issue $3.5 billion via a convertible bond offering, market sources said.
To date, 152 communities and the legislatures of Alaska, Hawaii and Vermont have approved resolutions condemning the act.
Ryland Group (nyse: RYL - news - people), a homebuilder and mortgage-finance company, sank $9.65, or 11.6 percent, to $73.40.
Instead, prosecutors dismissed charges and Rucker left the courtroom a free man.
"""All of a sudden, it's like a bullet went through them - it's like a state of shock."
"""Furthermore, with the target funds rate at 1 per cent, substantial further conventional easings could be implemented if the FOMC judged such policy actions warranted,"" he said."
"The New York Times asked employees at its headquarters to shut down their computers yesterday because of ""computing system difficulties."""
The injured were taken to hospitals in Jefferson City and Columbia, a college town about 30 miles to the north.
The other victim, Michael Walker, of 550 Barbey Street, was struck in the neck.
Germans account for more than 40 percent of foreign visitors coming to Italy.
Service officials said Carlson refused to recuse himself from the case.
It will cost about $20,000 per eight-week course of treatment, comparable to other injected cancer therapies, a spokeswoman said.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average held on to small gains, up 19.96 to 9,092.91, while the S&P 500 index shed 0.39 to 981.25.
U.N. inspectors found traces of highly enriched, weapons-grade uranium at an Iranian nuclear facility, a report by the U.N. nuclear agency says.
Steverson said Williams was known as a racist who did not like Blacks.
It was predicted to become a Category I hurricane overnight.
Watertown, Saugus and Framingham also are going smoke-free Monday, joining a growing number of cities around the country.
Panther Server also includes an updated release of Apache, along with Apache Tomcat and Apache Axis for creating powerful web services.
His birth on 4 May is revealed today in the journal Science.
"A passionate nationalist, Mr. D'Alessandro said: ""Canada is a small country, and we need more companies like this."""
However, the new vaccine won't begin to be tested in people until 2005 and won't be approved for use for several years after that.
Median household income declined 1.1 percent between 2001 and 2002 to $42,409.
Investigators uncovered a 4-inch bone fragment from beneath the concrete slab Thursday, but it turned out to be an animal bone, authorities said.
"""I notice a mood change in their priorities,"" one politician said."
Following California's lead, several states and the federal government passed similar or tougher bans.
Two of the Britons, Sandy Mitchell from Glasgow and Glasgow-born William Sampson, face the death penalty.
Bulger's brother is now on the agency's ''10 Most Wanted'' list, sought in connection with 21 murders.
"The third and final film, ""The Matrix Revolutions,"" will be released in November."
An investment group led by former Seagram Inc. boss Edgar Bronfman Jr. is still in the running to buy the U.S. entertainment assets of Vivendi Universal SA.
"In one scene from the film's final script, Reagan says of AIDS patients, ""They that live in sin shall die in sin."""
She has also signed a contract with Random House to write two books.
Dell has about 32 percent of the U.S. market, but much lower share in the rest of the world.
"Note the subheading of this terrible parable in the ""American Masters"" series, ""Arthur Miller, Elia Kazan and the Blacklist: None Without Sin."""
The suspects are expected to turn themselves in to Pennsylvania authorities within the next few days.
The proportion of people covered by employers dropped from 62.3 percent in 2001 to 61.3 percent last year.
Shares in Wal-Mart closed at $58.28, up 16 cents, in Tuesday trading on the New York Stock Exchange.
U.S. District Judge William Steele set a hearing tomorrow on the lawsuit.
Kodak earned 85 cents per share excluding one-time items in the quarter a year earlier.
Mr. Bergonzi was the finance chief from 1995 until his departure in 1999, and was intimately involved in the alleged scheme to pump up Rite Aid's earnings.
US officials accuse regional states, particularly Syria, of not doing enough to prevent foreign fighters from entering Iraq to attack US-led coalition forces.
"""This new division will be focused on the vitally important task of protecting the nation's cyber assets so that we may best protect the nation's critical infrastructure assets."""
On Thursday, a Post article argued that a 50 basis point cut from the Fed was more likely.
Analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call had expected earnings of 19 cents per share in the third quarter.
Murdoch's family owns about 30 percent of News Corp. shares.
Chairman and chief executive Leland Brendsel and Vaughn Clarke, the company's executive vice president and chief financial officer, resigned.
Dave Tomlin, assistant general counsel of The A.P., said his organization was still deciding whether to appeal.
Special, sensitive light sensors pick up the telltale glow, he said.
"He also called Hovan a ""person of good reputation"" who had worked as a bus driver since 1967."
NCSD's chief will be Robert Liscouski, the assistant secretary of Homeland Security for Infrastructure Protection.
He refused to reveal what percentage of flights carried sky marshals, or whether they would be increased.
Smith found the cigarette tax falls on the tobacco consumer, not the tribe, meaning the tribe is simply an agent for collecting a tax.
It decided instead to issue them before the stock market opened Monday after the downgrade of its debt late Friday by Moody's, the credit rating agency.
#2 String
"The inspector general's findings confirm our long-held view that civil liberties and the rights of immigrants were trampled in the aftermath of 9/11."""
As part of the changes BAT said managing director, Paul Adams, 50, would become chief executive from January 1.
If the creditors turn down the bailout plan, LG Group may have to closedown its card business.
The GameCube, a major disappointment in the last fiscal year, trails both Sony's PlayStation 2 and Microsoft' Xbox.
If passed, the measure will return to the Senate for concurrence with House amendments.
They used discarded skin from consenting patients who had undergone surgery and exposed it to UVA light at intensities similar to that of sunlight.
The original report had concluded that ''climate change has global consequences for human health and the environment,'' according to an internal EPA memo.
Officials said the data will be used to verify whether they had stayed beyond their authorized time.
The British Foreign Office said it had mediated the two men's release.
Wells Fargo and Quicken Loans couldn't be reached for comment Wednesday afternoon.
Phone calls to Spitzer's office, Citigroup and Goldman Sachs were not immediately returned.
The April decline was the biggest since October, 2001.
There is no transcript the courtroom session in Tarrytown, 12 miles north of New York on the Hudson River.
"The strength of demand for credit increases the danger associated with delaying a tightening of policy that is called for on general macroeconomic grounds."""
Slow-moving, drenching Tropical Storm Henri doused an already soaked Florida Friday, bringing powerful storms which further tested already-swollen lakes and rivers.
The veteran Malyasian diplomat met Suu Kyi Wednesday at the lakeside home in Yangon where she is under house arrest.
Britain included the accusation in a September 2002 dossier setting out the case for war in Iraq.
"She said Nelson heard someone shout, ""Let's get the Jew!"""
Earlier this month, RIM had said it expected to report second-quarter earnings of between 7 cents and 11 cents a share.
"According to SunnComm's Peter Jacobs, ""MediaMax performs exactly as 'advertised' to the companies who purchased it."
The Los Angeles Master Chorale and the Los Angeles Philharmonic Brass Ensemble also performed.
Writing in the journal Geophysical Research Letters, Vincent's team said all of the fresh water poured out of the 20-mile-long Disraeli Fjord.
"Mills yesterday admitted, ""We made some mistakes with this exam and it's up to us to identify and correct them."
Sarah Weddington, the abortion advocate and attorney who originally represented McCorvey, could not be reached for comment.
On Wednesday, the Marines shot an attacker near the town of Al-Kut as he tried to run over two Marines at a checkpoint.
And because it is so far out in international water, salvage company Odyssey Marine Exploration does not have to share the wealth with coastal state governments.
A DOD team is working to determine how hackers gained access to the system and what needs to be done to fix the breach.
He added that prosecutors will seek the death penalty.
After more than two years in detention by the State Security Bureau, the four were found guilty last Wednesday of subversion.
"In addition, the committee noted, ""while spending is firming, the labour market has been weakening""."
Marshall demonstrated his preference for results over rhetoric in preparing the Civil Rights Act that was passed in November 1964.
"Ride will be enshrined along with astronauts Story Musgrave, Robert ""Hoot"" Gibson and Daniel Brandenstein."
"Asked about the controversy, Bloomberg said, ""I didn't see either one today, but if they're here and wave from the side I'll certainly wave to them."
As temperatures soar above 120 Fahrenheit in Basra, fridges and air conditioners have stuttered to a halt.
Police said three of them had also been detained last week and held for two days as suspects over bomb attacks in Jakarta and the North Sumatran city of Medan.
"Furthermore, with the target fed funds rate at 1 percent, ""substantial further conventional easings could be implemented if the FOMC judged such policy actions warranted."""
Batters faced: Sheets 28, Vizcaino 2, DeJean 4, Clement 26, Alfonseca 4, Guthrie 2, Farnsworth 4.
More than 100 officers launched the raids in the final phase of a two-year operation investigating a cocaine import and money laundering ring.
"""We've put a lot of effort and energy into improving our patching progress, probably later than we should have."
Malvo goes on trial next month in the death of an FBI analyst.
In Montana, tension was high Friday morning as officials prepared for what one official called an ``ugly'' forecast: more dry lightning and wind storms.
One of those infected reported having recent contact with exotic animals there.
"""It was a little bit embarrassing the way we played in the first two games,"" Thomas said."
"The White House said that leaking classified information was a serious matter that should be ""pursued to the fullest extent"" by the Justice Department."
The seizure of the money was confirmed by a United States Treasury official assigned to work with Iraqi financial officers here to rebuild the country's banking and financial system.
Wyoming and New Mexico reported their first deaths from the virus this past week.
"""The financial diplomacy we're engaged in is the surest course to get what we want,"" Mr. Snow said."
"""They were chipping away at the concrete to get to the body,"" said Chris Butler, who lives across the street."
Pharmacy Guild president Richard Heslop said many pharmacy customers were also returning recalled products.
The transition is slated to begin no later than June 7, Dayton said.
Sweeney said he would formally announce the formation of the new union on Wednesday in Detroit.
Vaccine makers have been thrust in the limelight following government programmes to encourage wider vaccination and fears of biological attacks on civilian and military targets.
Fire spokesman Gordon Gay said firefighters had an advantage on the northern flank because of burned areas from last year's Bullock fire.
Financial terms of the deal, expected to close this month, were not released.
By Wednesday, the Red Planet will come as near to Earth as it has been in 60,000 years.
Almihdhar and Alhazmi were aboard American Airlines Flight 77, which crashed into the Pentagon.
About 24 percent of men who took the placebo, or 1,147 men, developed prostate cancer.
Antetonitrus was brontosaurus' older brother, hence the name.
The company's shares fell 3.6 percent to close at $66.89 on the Nasdaq.
Moore, the suspended chief justice of the Alabama Supreme Court, stands trial before the Alabama Court of the Judiciary.
She said some fast-food chains already display calorie information about their meals on their Web sites.
Revenue plunged 19 percent to $2.07 billion from $2.56 billion in the year-earlier quarter.
The 6-3 ruling reinstates a law that told libraries to install filters or surrender federal money.
At least 11 more cases in Indiana and three in Illinois are suspected.
Mr Eddington is to meet union leaders today and tomorrow.
Rumsfeld, who has been feuding for two years with Army leadership, passed over nine active-duty four-star generals.
"""The public is understandably losing patience with these unwanted phone calls, unwanted intrusions,"" he said at a White House ceremony."
"""I am advised that certain allegations of criminal conduct have been interposed against my counsel, J. Michael Boxley,'' the Silver statement said. """
Wall Street analysts had expected 22 cents a share, according to Thomson First Call.
He also said there is no conscious policy by the United States to move the value of the dollar.
While some other parts of Africa have been used as Al Qaeda staging grounds, Malawi had previously not been a major focus of investigations into the group.
In a case in August, a 27-year-old laboratory worker in Singapore developed SARS.
The legislation came after U.S. District Judge Lee R. West in Oklahoma City ruled last week that the FTC lacked authority to run the registry.
The captain, Michael J. Gansas, was notified yesterday by the city's Department of Transportation that an agency hearing officer recommended that he be fired.
Associated Press Writers Michelle Morgante in San Diego and Ken Ritter in Las Vegas contributed to this article.
But with the PM due to leave tomorrow afternoon for personal reasons there was a risk he might not be present when the final decision was made.
"He said the Senate has confirmed 124 judicial nominees since Bush took office and ""I don't see much broken."""
The Dow Jones Industrial Average ($DJ: news, chart, profile) rose 56 points, or 0.7 percent, to 8,588.
Kodak expects earnings of 5 cents to 25 cents a share in the quarter.
Roberts said his committee was briefed about a week ago about the likelihood of a major attack in Saudi Arabia.
A weak cold front could bring thunderstorms into South Texas on Sunday at the same time a tropical wave moves in from the Yucatan.
A divided Supreme Court ruled Monday that Congress can force the nation's public libraries to equip computers with anti-pornography filters.
Still others cite the difficulty of assembling a group of subjects whose depression is of comparable severity, increasing the chances that the effectiveness of the medication will be diffused.
Only Intel Corp.'s 0.3 percent yield was lower.
The driver, Eugene Rogers, helped to remove children from the bus, Wood said.
FBI spokesman Steve Lazarus did not immediately return a phone call for comment on Friday.
They also said the rule will make the nation's electrical system more reliable -- a high-profile issue after last week's massive power blackout.
The World Health Organization -- which is participating in the initiative along with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and Purdue University -- has declared TB a global emergency.
"""This blackout was largely preventable,"" Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham said at a press conference this afternoon."
"But I would rather be talking about high standards rather than low standards."""
The feature, which has the approval of book publishers, puts some 33 million pages of searchable text at the disposal of Amazon.com shoppers.
A year earlier, it posted a profit of $102 million, or 13 cents a share.
State Rep. Ron Wilson, a Houston Democrat, joined nine Republicans in approving the bill Saturday.
He praised the work of the Rhodes Trust, saying that it was a Rhodes scholar at Oxford who first interested him in politics.
Testing at a Massachusetts State Police lab and a private Virginia lab has not been able to determine whether the swimsuit belonged to Bish, Conte said yesterday.
A neighbor said a woman's body was dug up in a duffel bag, and the other was encased in concrete.
Shares of Fox Entertainment Group Inc., News Corp.'s U.S. media and entertainment arm, fell 45 cents to $26.85 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading.
Also demonstrating box-office strength - and getting seven Tony nominations - was a potent revival of Eugene O'Neill's family drama, Long Day's Journey Into Night.
Continuing the record-setting pace of recent years, personal bankruptcies rose 7.8 percent in the 12 months ending Sept.
30, the Administrative Office of the U.S. Courts said Friday.
Both strain 121 and Pyrolobus belong to a branch on the tree of life known as the archaea.
It would take three votes to kill the ACC's expansion.
The protesters denounced the country's supreme leader, hard-liner Ayatollah Ali Khamenei.
"Dunlap won both the swimsuit competition and the talent portion of the competition, singing ""If I Could."""
Her amendment would have changed the bill by keeping with current Texas law, which gives school districts the option to hold a moment of silence and recite the pledge.
That compared with a year-earlier profit of $102 million, or 13 cents a share.
He was charged with attempting to provide material support and resources to terrorists, and dealing arms without a licence.
U.S. District Judge William Barbour said he imposed the maximum because Avants showed no remorse.
Kollar-Kotelly has scheduled another antitrust settlement compliance hearing for January.
"""I would like the FCC to start all over,"" said Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison, R-Texas, who supported reversing the rules."
Boeing shares fell 3.5 percent to close at $27.62 on the New York Stock Exchange, while Lockheed slipped 1.4 percent to $49.50.
Thursday afternoon, the Standard & Poor's 500-stock index was trading up just 1.48 points, or 0.1 percent, to 1,049.59.
Bob Schindler: That's correct, and the strategy behind that is, we wanted to kind of smoke him out, to see where he was coming from.
The bill also requires the FCC to hold at least five public hearings before voting on future ownership changes.
A sour forecast from Sun Microsystems Inc.
SUNW.O put more pressure on Wall Street before the quarterly earnings season.
ODonnell was just 3-of-5 for 24 yards and no touchdowns or interceptions a year ago.
"""The layoff is an excuse,"" countered Anaheim coach Mike Babcock."
"We're electing a president of the United States, not a staff."""
In a mixture of ancient Melanesian pagan and modern Christian ceremonies the people tried again to erase the misfortunes they believe have kept them poor since that long-ago meal.
"""I am advised that certain allegations of criminal conduct have been interposed against my counsel,"" said Silver."
"Dick is going to be there as long as Dick wants to be there,"" Reuters reports Langone as saying."
"""There is nothing Rob Furst did in any way that was not abetted and approved by senior officials at Merrill Lynch."""
The Treasury said wants to give retail buyers of all Treasury securities the ability eventually to manage holdings online in a single account.
Nelson,27, is being retried on civil-rights charges stemming from the disturbance which led to Rosenbaum's death.
The Dow Jones industrial average was off 7.75 points, or 0.08 percent, at 9,175.47.
"One villager, Ali Mekki, said: ""This is my sweatshirt which my brother Jaafar used to borrow from me all the time."""
The second rover is scheduled for launch later this month, and both vehicles are expected to arrive at Mars in January.
Mr. Mask said Mr. Cullen would be taken from the Somerset County Jail by Thursday and moved to the Ann Klein Forensic Hospital just outside Trenton for psychiatric care.
"""Sinners have long cherished the fantasy that William Bennett, the virtue magnate, might be among our number,"" Michael Kinsely wrote."
Class-action suits expand sharply the number of plaintiffs and damages in a suit by allowing initial plaintiffs to sue on behalf of a larger group with common interests.
According to the Census Bureau, the Hispanic population increased by 9.8 percent from the April 2000 census figures.
Apple has also built a new VPN (define) server into Panther Server that supports Mac OS X, Windows or UNIX clients using PPTP and L2TP tunneling protocols.
The reductions are expected to save Texas consumers $510 million, and most policyholders will see reductions, said Robert Black, an Insurance Department spokesman.
"Disney has repeatedly said the ""safety and enjoyment"" of its guests were the reasons the company wanted the no-fly zones, and wants them maintained."
The bonds traded to below 60 percent of face value earlier this year.
Indeed, prior defense filings said Moussaoui contended he was part of a post-Sept.
11 operation outside the United States.
Peterson, 30, is awaiting trial on two counts of murder for the deaths of his wife, Laci, and their unborn son.
Once identified, terrorist remains are immediately removed from the so-called memorial park, a temporary refrigerated storage facility on Manhattan where the unidentified remains are stored.
Like Viacom, GE -- parent of NBC -- is also seen as a less enthusiastic bidder compared to the likes of Bronfman or Davis.
Brian Florence, 38, died Sept.
25 of a heart attack in Alexandria, said the couple's lawyer, Maranda Fritz.
"""Clearly it is a tragic day for Americans,"" he said in Washington."
The FBI also failed to pursue other leads, including a San Diego imam who dealt with several 9/11 figures, it adds.
UBS Warburg added to pressure on tobacco stocks by downgrading Altria to neutral from buy based on valuation.
Goold said reporters' calls to Peterson may have been monitored.
The caretaker, identified by church officials as Jorge Manzon, was believed to be among the nine missing - some of them children.
Mahmud was seized near Tikrit, the area from which he and Hussein hail, about 90 miles north of Baghdad, U.S. military officials said Wednesday night.
The legislation, which now goes to the full House, would amend the state's 1988 corporate takeover law.
Shares of National were losing 95 cents, or 3.9%, to $23.73 in afternoon New York Stock Exchange trading.
"Now the rest is just mechanical,"" said Allan Hoffenblum, a Republican consultant."
Enron's 401(k) plan covered about 20,000 workers, retirees and beneficiaries.
A base configuration with a 2.4GHz Pentium 4, 128MB of RAM, a 40GB hard drive, and a CD-ROM drive costs $699.
She said six were from Douglas County, the southwestern Oregon county that includes Roseburg, and two were from the Portland area.
"The president's ""advice to the House Republicans is to pass it, to send it to him, so he can sign it,"" said White House spokesman Ari Fleischer."
Army Radio reported early today that hundreds of settlers converged on four outposts overnight, hoping to disrupt their evacuation.
The jury awarded TVT about $23 million in compensatory damages and roughly $108 million in punitive damages.
A coalition of campaign groups, including the militant national students body, is backing the action and is mobilising for protests.
"Halliburton on Tuesday reiterated its contention that KBR had ""delivered fuel to Iraq at the best value, the best price and the best terms""."
U.S. Airways ordered 85 Bombardier jets with 50 seats and 75 seats and 85 Embraer jets with 70 seats, it said in a release.
Consumers' assessment of current conditions was less favorable than last month.
The conservancy helped in the purchase of the land from the Estate of Samuel Mills Damon for $22 million.
"""For us that doesn't make a difference, the sexual orientation,"" Tutu told Reuters Television in South Africa's sprawling Soweto township."
Intel sells the current top Pentium for US$637 in quantities of 1,000.
That leaves about three dozen at risk of aid cutoffs, said State Department spokesman Richard Boucher, who did not identify them.
A nationally board certified teacher with a master's degree, Kelley, in his 30th year teaching, makes $65,000.
"""The important issues are how the political process is being organized,"" Pleuger told reporters."
State Democratic Chairman Herman Farrell, who is also chairman of the Assembly's Ways and Means Committee, supports the Legislature's budget plan.
Synthes-Stratec's cash payment for Mathys will be made up of money on hand, plus bank borrowings arranged by Credit Suisse First Boston.
Scientists believed Stardust trapped thousands of particles of dust.
The study appears in Wednesday's Journal of the American Medical Association (news - web sites).
The two groups said they would collaborate on the design of future memory technologies.
"""Saddam is gone, but we want the (U.S.) occupation to end,"" said Hit resident Abu Qasim."
Two Atlanta companies that have not been accused of wrongdoing -- Delta Air Lines Inc. and the Home Depot -- were mentioned as having excessive pay packages for its CEOs.
"""Mr Gilbertson would have been entitled to those superannuation payments irrespective of the circumstances in which he left the company,"" he said."
The arrest came hours after the girl turned up at a convenience store several cities away and helped lead police to her alleged abductor.
Moore of Alabama says he will appeal his case to the nation's highest court.
The Purchasing Managers Index, released on Monday by the Institute for Supply Management, rose to 49.4 in May from 45.4 in April.
The indictment said he attended important meetings to plan the attacks, recruited fellow bombers and coordinated the operation.
A car and a house were hit in the new shootings, the chief deputy sheriff of Franklin County, Steve Martin, said.
His hatred for these people had germinated from these discussions and helped cement his belief that violence was the panacea.
Police said there was an argument before the slaying at East 126th Street and Fifth Avenue around 9 p.m.
SCO says it has signed the first enterprise customer to its controversial Intellectual Property Compliance License.
"""We strongly disagree with Novell's position and view it as a desperate measure to curry favor with the Linux community,"" McBride said."
Courant Staff Writers Matt Eagan and Ken Davis contributed to this story.
"He said they should ""not really be patrolling or be around those areas when they ... are conducting their prayers."""
The technique is used during the second and, occasionally, third trimester of pregnancy.
McNair was stopped after a police officer saw his vehicle weaving on a downtown street before pulling into a convenience store, the arrest report said.
Songs can be burned to CDs, but the same playlist can only be burned up to five times - Apple's puts the limit at ten burns.
Elwin Hermanson and the SaskParty would put the future of our Crown corporations — and our economy — at risk,” the platform reads.
As many as 30 people were believed to be trapped inside initially, the state police said.
Their father had pleaded with doctors to abandon their efforst after his wife's euthanasia bid left their son in a coma and he was put on life support.
Shares of GE were slipping 17 cents, or 0.6%, to $28.02 in Instinet premarket trading.
Goldman also raised its quarterly dividend to 25 cents from 12 cents, citing the new tax law.
"""The future of BA is in the hands of the negotiators,"" Eddington told British Broadcasting Corp. television on Sunday."
Its Canadian operations only buy beef from facilities that are federally inspected and approved by the Canadian Food Inspection Agency.
The lawsuit, filed after a 19-month investigation by the Employee Benefits Security Administration, names Lay and Skilling among others.
"""By its actions, the Bush administration threatens to give a bad name to a just war,"" Lieberman said."
That measure was limited to the city of Arequipa amid protests, that killed three people, against the sale of two power firms.
They weighed an average 220 pounds (100 kg) and needed to lose between 30 and 80 pounds.
At the company-sponsored TechEd conference in Dallas, Microsoft executives will announce that two key products will enter customer testing this U.S. summer.
"""They were tossed around like feathers,"" Gordon said."
"""Until more facts are presented, Lindows.com will not take a position as to the validity of the claims presented by either side,"" Lindows said in a statement."
By the time the two-term president left office in 1989, the Navy had nearly 600 ships - about twice the ships it has today.
The single currency dropped to 136.94 yen compared with its late U.S. level of 137.64.
Druce last night was held in isolation at the same prison.
Both studies are published on Thursday in Nature, the British weekly science journal.
Gold's bounce pulled other precious metals higher, sending silver to $4.83/85 an ounce from $4.80/82 last quoted in New York.
"""But I do question the motives of a desk-bound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for the purposes of a speech."""
"""We have found the smoking gun,"" investigating board member Scott Hubbard said."
The department's position threatens to alienate social conservatives, who have provided strong political support for Mr. Ashcroft and President Bush.
The Intel 865G chipset is priced at $44 with integrated software RAID, $41 without RAID.
Gartner raised its own worldwide PC shipment forecast in August to 8.9 per cent growth for 2003, up from expectations of 7.2 per cent.
In interviews with numerous engineers, most of whom have not spoken publicly until now, the lines of discord between NASA's engineers and managers stand out in stark relief.
"Mr Williams added that the Government had made it ""very plain"" to the US it did not support the death penalty for Hicks."
Staff writer Dave Michaels contributed to this report.
Druce is still being held at the prison and is now in isolation, she said.
SARS has also taken a toll on Taiwan's economy, as it has on economies across the region, hammering consumer spending and leaving shops, restaurants and airports empty.
Viles' body was discovered four hours later after he failed to respond to a call to return to his housing unit.
Customers include Mitsubishi, Siemens, DBTel, Dell, HP, Palm, Philips, Sharp, and Sony.
The Nikkei average closed up 1.5 percent at 8,152.16, a one-month high.
"Revenues for ""The Hulk"" came in well below those of last month's Marvel Comics adaptation, ""X2: X-Men United,"" which grossed $85.6 million in its opening weekend."
Thirty-seven per cent of CEOs who expect stronger profits cited reduced costs as the main reason.
"And although he has acted in period dramas before - in screen versions of Jane Austen's ""Persuasion"" and Charlotte Bronte's ""Jane Eyre"" - Henchard is a breed apart."
The Herald reported on Tuesday that internet developer Bruce Simpson was building a missile from parts ordered over the internet and shipped through Customs.
Another piece would be sent to the lab in Virginia for additional testing, Conte said.
The first trial of a suspect in last year's Bali nightclub bombings that killed more than 200 people opened in Indonesia today, Sky News reported.
His daughter, Nina Axelrod, told The Associated Press that he died in his sleep, apparently of heart failure.
On the sidelines of the Bo'ao forum, Mr Goh also met Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf and held talks with Tajikistan President Emomali Sharipovich Rakhmonov.
This year, local health departments hired part-time water samplers and purchased testing equipment with a $282,355 grant from the Environmental Protection Agency.
Thirty-eight percent of patients surveyed in five urban clinics believed the myth that cancer spreads when exposed to air during surgery, according to a poll to be published Tuesday.
The bill says that a woman who undergoes such an abortion couldn't be prosecuted.
Doctors would face fines and up to two years in prison for performing the procedure, except as a lifesaving step.
He replaces Ron Dittemore, who announced his resignation in April.
Television replays, though, showed the ball had touched the ground before Sangakkara's boot (262 for 4).
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index tacked on 5.91 points, or 0.29 percent, to 2,053.27.
The chipset will operate in the 2.4-GHz band, and features radio signal interference prevention and low power consumption.
Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justices John Paul Stevens, Sandra Day OConnor, Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Stephen Breyer agreed with Souter.
He and Zilkha believed that only a new board would have had the credibility to restore El Paso to health.
According to the affidavit, Al-Amoudi made at least 10 trips to Libya using two American and one Yemeni passport.
It will take time to oust die-hard remnants of Saddam Hussein's deposed regime in Iraq, Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld said Tuesday.
Google's investors include prominent VC firms Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers and Sequoia Capital, the paper noted.
"Such was the case Thursday night when the Cleveland Cavaliers won the ""LeBron James Lottery,"" otherwise known as the NBA draft lottery."
The women said those rape victims who did come forward were routinely punished for minor infractions while their assailants escaped judgement, prompting most victims to remain silent.
Dos Reis is scheduled to be sentenced in Danbury Superior Court this morning on charges of first-degree manslaughter and second-degree sexual assault.
Deposit and loan growth, strong investment banking and trading results and strong growth in mortgage and card revenues drove this quarter's results.
Tickets, available through Ticketmaster, went on sale yesterday.
Internal chaos has allowed foreign companies to set up damaging commercial logging and fishing operations without proper monitoring or export controls.
He ran last year for the Democratic nomination for Texas governor, but lost the primary to multimillionaire Tony Sanchez.
The lawsuit named Secretary of State Kevin Shelley, a Democrat, and the registrars of voters in Los Angeles, Orange and San Diego counties.
But the country is scrambling to prevent it spreading to the vast countryside where most of its 1.3 billion people live.
Lee told the newspaper that the girl had dragged the food, toys and other things into her mother's bedroom, where he found her.
To settle the charges, Mr. Tyrer agreed to surrender $1.06 million in trading profits and $342,195 in interest.
The FCC said existing televisions, VCRs, DVD players and related equipment would remain fully functional under the new broadcast flag system.
In Chatsworth, 32 miles northwest of Los Angeles, residents of multimillion-dollar homes there were told to gather their belongings.
Florida’s Third District Court of Appeal said on Wednesday the original proceedings were “irretrievably tainted” by misconduct by attorneys for the class.
After Freitas' opening statement, King County Superior Court Judge Charles Mertel recessed trial until after the Thanksgiving weekend.
The U.N. Office of the Humanitarian Coordinator for Iraq last week reported that cases of diarrhea have tripled in Baghdad.
Shares in GE were down 7 cents to $28.12 by the close of trading in New York.
Mr. Parsons has served as the director at the Stennis Space Center, which employs 4,600 people, since August.
A new VPN server built into Panther Server supports Mac OS X, Windows or UNIX clients using PPTP and L2TP tunneling protocols.
His decision means that the case against Gary Lee Sampson, including the capital charges against him, will be tried in September.
Miodrag Zivkovic, of the Liberal Alliance of Montenegro, won 31 percent of the vote while the independent Dragan Hajdukovic got four percent.
Recall advocates say they have turned in 1.6 million signatures to counties.
"""We will accede to the request while we explore all of our options,"" VeriSign spokesman Tom Galvin told Reuters."
The Securities and Exchange Commission brought a related civil case on Thursday.
"There is a little hope invested in McNabb, and he got a lot of credit for the performance of this team that he didn't deserve."""
Slow-moving, drenching Tropical Storm Henri doused an already soaked Florida on Friday, pushing heavy rains into areas where lakes and rivers were full to overflowing.
Armstrong County District Attorney Scott Andreassi said the many family photos in the home did not include Kristen.
He says information released about a tarot card left at one shooting scene may have prolonged the spree by cutting off fragile communications with the sniper.
They have included local and foreign aid workers, U.S. troops, Afghan soldiers, officials and police, as well as many guerrillas.
"""The issue has been resolved,"" Marlins President David Samson said through a club spokesman."
"But SCO has hit back, saying: ""We view IBM's counterclaim filing today as an effort to distract attention from its flawed Linux business model."
For the 12-month period ending June 30, high-speed lines installed in homes and businesses increased by 45 percent.
After protesters rushed the stage and twice cut power to the microphone, Hedges cut his speech short.
They argue that proposed congressional redistricting maps reviewed by the Legislature would disenfranchise minorities and rural Texas.
Sales - a figure watched closely as a barometer of its health - rose 5 percent instead of falling as many industry experts had predicted.
Democrats hold a 17-15 edge in the state's U.S. House delegation.
The state wants to lower wolf numbers in approximately a 1,700-square-mile area near the village of McGrath.
A Lamar mother arrested Saturday in Colorado Springs is accused of drowning her two children in a bathtub before slitting her wrists.
The confusion capped a tumultuous week for the list, which is intended to block about 80 percent of telemarketing calls.
By 2007, antivirus solutions will carry a worldwide price tag of $4.4 billion--double that of five years earlier.
Prosecutors allege that Nichols and co-conspirator Timothy McVeigh worked together to prepare a bomb that destroyed the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building.
The remains of three illegal immigrants were found Tuesday in a sweltering railroad car after fellow immigrants escaped and left their weakened companions behind.
"Mr Annan also warned the US should not use the war on terror as an excuse to suppress ""long-cherished freedoms""."
No one has been killed in the recent attacks, which have continued despite serious setbacks for al-Qaeda following battles with Saudi security forces.
The Yankees are in their first team-wide slump of the season.
If this escalation continues as Rowling concludes the saga, there may be an epidemic of Hogwarts headaches in the years to come, he wrote.
Sen. Patrick Leahy of Vermont, the committee's senior Democrat, later said the problem is serious but called Hatch's suggestion too drastic.
In a 1992 case, the Supreme Court reaffirmed the basic findings of Roe protecting abortion choice, but lessened the standards of protection guaranteed to women by Roe.
State air regulators and three automakers have settled a lawsuit challenging the nation's toughest auto emissions program, a spokesman for California's air board said Monday.
Only 29 families of frogs are known and most were identified and described in the mid-1800s and the last in 1926.
In a joint statement, the companies said that as a result of the license agreement, TI will not be changing its prices.
State health officials said today a young northeast Kansas woman likely has the state's first case of monkeypox among humans or animals.
Dr. William Winkenwerder, assistant secretary of Defense for health affairs, said the vaccine poses little danger.
It was the best advance since Oct.
1, when the index gained 22.25.
Blair praised the work of the Rhodes Trust, saying it was an Australian Rhodes Scholar he met while at Oxford who first interested him in politics.
The samples would be used to find genes involved in diseases that have a particularly high incidence among African-Americans, such as hypertension and diabetes.
Cisco pared spending during the quarter to compensate for sluggish sales.
The House Government Reform Committee rapidly approved the legislation this morning.
Israel's defense minister on Sunday raised the specter of an Israeli invasion in the Gaza Strip, where Palestinian militants already face a deadly air campaign.
Last May, Hatfill was struck by a vehicle being driven by an FBI employee who was tailing him in Washington's Georgetown neighborhood.
"The committee would propose a replacement for the ""Robin Hood"" school finance system."
For the full 12-month period, high-speed cable modem connections increased by 49 percent.
The magazine glorifies the soldiers but not necessarily the Bush administration, which put them in Iraq.
Smithfield shares rose more than 8 per cent yesterday as the company said it expected the transaction to boost earnings immediately.
I never punished a victim,'' said Brigadier General Taco Gilbert, the school's former number two officer.
If found guilty, he could be executed under anti-terror laws passed in the weeks after the bombings.
SACRAMENTO A nationally known itinerant computer hacker faces a federal arrest warrant on a sealed federal complaint in New York, a federal defender in California said Friday.
Althardt said there was no indication that any of the sick children needed to be hospitalized.
Veteran stage and screen actor Hume Cronyn died of cancer Sunday.
Not only is this the oldest known planet, it's also the most distant.
"In New Hampshire yesterday, Mr Bush reiterated Saddam's regime ""possessed and used weapons of mass destruction, sponsored terrorist groups and inflicted terror on its own people""."
Simon & Schuster declined comment on the potential lawsuit and would not confirm the contents of the story.
The shooting happened at 5:30 a.m. in the living room of the home the extended family shared on the city's westside.
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI slipped 9.54 points, or 0.1 percent, at 9,558.92.
The study results were released at a meeting in Seattle of the American Thoracic Society and also will be published in tomorrow's issue of The New England Journal of Medicine.
He proposed a system under which it would take fewer and fewer votes to overcome a filibuster.
The five main banks are ABN AMRO AAH.AS , ING ING.AS , J.P. Morgan JPM.N , Goldman Sachs GS.N and Rabobank [RABN.UL].
"After consulting with experts, he said he was advised a delay will give Luna his best chance of reuniting with ""L"" Pod, his family."
The secrecy surrounding terrorist group Jemaah Islamiyah was again smashed when witnesses from Malaysia testified in the treason trial of Abu Bakar Bashir.
Shares in Microsoft slipped 4.7 percent in after-hours trade to $27.54 from a Nasdaq close of $28.91.
Additionally, the new Server Admin tool is intended to make it easy for system administrators to set up, manage and monitor the services built into Panther Server.
Adults, who were shy as toddlers, had stronger brain activity in a part of the brain associated with coyness.
Voyager 1 was launched on September 5, 1977, 16 days after its companion, Voyager 2.
The teenager was in surgery at a hospital and the extent of his injuries was not available, police said.
His supporters were also infuriated that Mr Reagan was played by James Brolin, the husband of Barbra Streisand, a leading Hollywood Democratic activist.
Nevertheless, PeopleSoft must review Oracle's tender offer and make a recommendation to shareholders.
And it can store more than a gigabyte of information - equivalent to 1,000 high quality images or around 12 hours of music - in just one cubic centimetre.
The bomb exploded while authorities waited for a bomb squad to arrive.
Truck sales for the world's No. 2 automaker dropped 4.1 percent, while its car sales dropped 13.7 percent.
Danbury prosecutor Warren Murray could not be reached for comment Monday.
About 130,000 US soldiers remain in Iraq, with others serving in Afghanistan, South Korea, Japan, Germany and elsewhere.
"He added, ""There's just too many leaks in Washington, and if there is a leak out of my administration, I want to know who it is."
"Mr Neil said that according to the source, the report will say its inspectors have not even unearthed ""minute amounts of nuclear, chemical or biological weapons material""."
John Jacoby, the fire department's battalion chief, arrived.
McGill also said a dark glove was stuffed into a hole that had been cut in the Caprice's trunk.
Palestinian Prime Minister Mahmoud Abbas must defend the record of his first 100 days in office before Parliament today as the death toll in the occupied territories continues to rise.
"Commenting on the firing today, Ms. Novikova said that there was no standard weight for ballerinas but that Ms. Volochkova ""is bigger than others."""
Congress twice passed partial birth bans, but former President Bill Clinton (news - web sites), citing the need for a health exception, vetoed both measures.
The loonie, meanwhile, continued to slip in early trading Friday.
Deaths in rollover crashes accounted for 82 percent of the number of traffic deaths in 2002, the agency says.
Early Monday, insurgents threw a homemade bomb at a U.S. convoy in northern Baghdad, killing an American soldier.
Brand-name drugs in Canada tend to be cheaper than in the United States because of government price controls and a favorable exchange rate.
Even then, UDDI will have to be improved to handle those features.
There's also a flaw that results because IE does not implement an appropriate block on a file download dialog box.
"The EU statement stopped short of endorsing the U.S. charge that Tehran is seeking nuclear weapons but said some aspects of Iran's programme raised ""serious concern""."
"""Greater Manchester Police, with the support of German authorities and the Federal Bureau of Investigation have now arrested Toby Studabaker in Frankfurt, Germany,"" a police spokeswoman said."
That comment undercut his remarks in an interview on Tuesday that the ECB had not exhausted its ammunition for rate cuts.
Both Bloomberg and Pataki said were confident electricity would be restored by the morning.
The study also found that consumer goods advertisers continued to spend the most dollars online, representing 35% of all Web advertising.
The latest snapshot of the labor markets was slightly better than economists were expecting; they were forecasting claims to fall no lower than 410,000 for last week.
But when neither Justice O'Connor nor any other justice announced a retirement when the court's term ended in June, it was widely seen as making those campaigns moot.
But the technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index was up 5.91 points, or 0.35 percent, at 1,674.35.
Massachusetts has no state death penalty, and only once before -- in Michigan -- has the federal death penalty been given in a state without capital punishment.
The appeals court judges were in sharp disagreement over what should be done when they ruled in February.
French President Jacques Chirac was also reported to have supported the European bid.
Kim Clijsters also reached the French Open final on Thursday benefiting from a little luck to erase a set point and beat unseeded Nadia Petrova 7-5, 6-1.
The Competition Commission delivered its verdict yesterday on the proposed merger of the two big ITV players, Carlton and Granada.
"Governor Rowland said his decision was ""not based on any one event."""
Instead, they fear the conference is an attempt by corporate farming and biotech interests to push into new markets.
Fatalities in rollover crashes accounted for 82 percent of the increase in 2002, NHTSA said.
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR firmed 31/32, taking its yield to 4.16 percent -- another record low -- from 4.22 percent.
"""Admiral Black has provided spiritual guidance to thousands of servicemen and women during his 25 years of service,"" Frist said."
Andrew Cuomo and Kerry Kennedy were married 13 years.
Five more human cases of West Nile virus, were reported by the Mesa County Health Department on Wednesday.
"In a letter sent to The New York Times after his resignation, Mr Blair blamed ""personal issues"" and apologised for his ""lapse of journalistic integrity""."
These plans would offer preventive health coverage as well as protection against catastrophic health-care expenses, neither of which is currently available under the government-run program.
The water blocking the airport road swamped several buildings, including a Federal Express depot.
The worst-affected area was South Kyongsang province where at least 15 people drowned and roads were swept away.
The incident began at 9:40 a.m. when deputies said they received a phone call requesting assistance with a domestic disturbance at the home in the 54-300 block of Avenida Velasco.
The company said it would issue revised guidance for the full fiscal year next month when it releases its Q2 results.
"Referring to a battle against a Muslim warlord in Somalia, Boykin told another audience, ""I knew my God was bigger than his."
Microsoft Monday released the second in a planned series of Solution Accelerators for its Office product lineup.
The company, based in Winston-Salem, reported first-quarter profit of $13.1 million, or 22 cents per share.
Net revenue rose to $3.99 billion from $3.85 billion during the same quarter last year.
Government workers trapped in a burning downtown office tower frantically dialed 911 as they tried to make their way through smoke-filled staircases and hallways, officials said.
The bomb exploded in Helmand Province aboard a bus headed for the provincial capital, Lashkar Gah, according to wire reports.
They added that decisions have been made about how many troops will be moved, where they will come from, or where they will end up.
AMD will own a 60 percent interest in the new company and Fujitsu owns 40 percent.
The Iranian refugee who sewed up his eyes, lips and ears in protest at the handling of his asylum claim has won his fight to remain in Britain.
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 fell 10.75 points, or 1.02 percent, to 1,039.32.
Japan's Tohoku Electric Power Co Inc said an 825,000-kilowatt (kW) nuclear reactor, the Onagawa No.3 unit in northern Japan, automatically shut down due to the quake.
"The agency will ""consider as timely any tax returns or payments due"" Aug.
15 if they are submitted by Aug.
22."
"""We must defend those whom we dislike or even despise,"" said Neal Sonnett, a Miami lawyer who headed an ABA task force on enemy combatants."
Boeing said the final agreement is expected to be signed during the next few weeks.
In neighboring Turkey, Iraqi, U.S. and Turkish officials gathered at the Mediterranean port of Ceyhan for a ceremony launching the shipment.
Walgreen's shares were up 4.6%, or $1.42, to $32.11 in midday New York Stock Exchange trading.
Rep. Peter Deutsch, D-Fla., criticized the FDA's efforts in Florida.
The MDC said a supporter, Tichaona Kaguru, died in hospital on Wednesday after being tortured and assaulted by soldiers putting down the protests.
"Mr. Spitzer said in a statement that the sentence ""reflects the seriousness with which our office and the courts view these crimes."""
Throughout China's mainland, the disease has killed 300 people and infected more than 5,270.
The e-mails reveal the close relationship between Boeing and the Air Force.
A similar Florida straw poll in 1991 brought attention to Bill Clinton, according to Democrats.
While Montgomery was one of the first to enact such a law, it's now relatively common - even New York City bans smoking in bars.
"The Virginia attorney-general, Jerry Kilgore, accused the Supreme Court of undermining ""Virginia's right to pass legislation that reflects the views and values of our citizens""."
No charges have been filed in the deaths of the other victims; Lupas said authorities were making progress in the case.
Many compensation experts had predicted that Carty would get a generous severance package because his voluntary resignation helped preserve the concessions, the Fort Worth Star-Telegram reported.
A Washington County man may have the countys first human case of West Nile virus, the health department said Friday.
"""Happy people sleep better, have better diets, exercise more and have less levels of stress hormones,"" Cohen said."
"Edie Falco was not nominated for ""Frankie and Johnny."""
Forecasters predict the storm will reach Earth at 3 p.m. eastern time Friday and could last up to 18 hours.
Investigators were searching his home in Muenster in the presence of his wife when news of his death came, prosecutor Wolfgang Schweer said.
In a statement later, he said it appeared his side had fallen a bit short.
Though that slower spending made 2003 look better, many of the expenditures will actually occur in 2004, making that year's shortfall worse.
"He says that ""this is a time when we priests need to be renewing our pledge to celibacy, not questioning it."
"The Company has always made, and continues to make, exceptional customer service and customer satisfaction a top priority in all business practices,"" AOL added."
"""The GPL violates the U.S. Constitution, together with copyright, antitrust and export control laws,"" SCO Group said in an answer filed to an IBM court filing."
Batters faced: Franklin 25, Kieschnick 7, Foster 2, Leskanic 3, DeJean 4, Prior 28, Alfonseca 2, Guthrie 2, Cruz 7, Remlinger 6.
Officials in Chechnya's Moscow-backed government are a frequent target for rebels, and tension is running high ahead of Sunday's presidential election in the war-ravaged region.
The fighting around Bunia began after neighboring Uganda completed the withdrawal of its more than 6,000 soldiers from the town.
Captain Robert Ramsey of US 1St Armored Division said a truck had exploded outside the building at around 11 am.
"No team has overcome a 3-1 deficit in the NBA Finals, and the New Jersey Nets don't want to try their luck at such a daunting task."""
Hackett and Rossignol did not know each other and Hackett had no connection to Colby, Doyle said.
Since December 2002, Evans has been the vice chair of the U.S. Chief Information Officers Council.
The other victim recovered Tuesday morning was Al Larsen, 31, of Fort Worth, Texas.
Academic achievement -- including grades, test scores and high school curriculum -- are given the highest priority.
Harvey was taken to St. Luke's Hospital for precautionary neck X-rays, which came back negative.
Waksal pleaded guilty to insider trading charges last year, and he is scheduled to be sentenced June 10.
On Wednesday, analysts say, UN members can no longer ignore the shifts since the attacks in the US of September 11 2001.
Stewart said she intends to declare her innocence and proceed to trial if she is indicted, her lawyer said in a statement.
According to Saunders, the gunman said he was frustrated by the U.S. Postal Service's response to an accident involving a postal vehicle.
A month ago a military C-17 transporter returned to Baghdad when an engine exploded.
The Bush administration should make public facts about purported Saudi Arabian complicity with terrorists rather than worry about offending the kingdom, several legislators said yesterday.
U.S. District Judge Edmund Sargus ruled that the Akron-based company should have determined that changes at one of its plants would increase overall pollution emissions.
U.S. officials say the six were, like other prisoners at the U.S. Naval base in Cuba, suspected of involvement with al-Qaida, Afghanistan's Taliban or some other group.
AMC has since asked the experienced Fluor company of the US to produce a detailed costing of the project, but the report is still two weeks away.
Then, about two decades ago, U.S. District Court Judge Walter Rice, the Aviation Trail group and others made a decision to protect and polish what remained.
Both devices use version 5.2 of the Palm operating system and feature a new design, which resembles a miniature notebook with a screen that swivels around 180 degrees.
About half of all U.S. households have money in mutual funds.
But that amount would probably be impossible to pass in the Senate, where Republican moderates have refused to go above $350 billion.
Nvidia will take advantage of MediaQ customers, which include such players as Siemens AG, Sharp, Philips, Dell, Mitsubishi and Sony Corp.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX climbed 10 points, or 1.10 percent, to 943.
In July, EMC agreed to acquire Legato Systems (Nasdaq: LGTO) for about $1.2 billion.
OKeefe called Bridges, a retired Air Force Major General, to ask him to switch centers on Wednesday.
"""The accuser arrived at the hospital wearing panties with someone else's semen and sperm in them, not that of Mr. Bryant, correct?"""
The Supreme Court agreed Monday in Illinois vs. Telemarketing Associates.
Though Dean made a point of saying during the debate that the Confederate flag is a racist symbol.
Meningitis is an infection of the fluid in a person's spinal cord and around the brain.
"""We're in a highly competitive industry where few apparel brands own and operate manufacturing facilities in North America,"" Levi Strauss Chief Executive Officer Phil Marineau said in a statement."
All five suspects were charged with robbery and criminal impersonation of a police officer.
The vulnerability affects Windows NT 4.0, NT 4.0 Terminal Services Edition, XP and 2000, as well as Windows Server 2003.
The Nets and the Spurs are crossing new frontiers of offensive ineptitude while causing their high-scoring American Basketball Association forefathers to cringe.
Goss said CIA Director George Tenet has provided the committee with 19 volumes of documents on prewar intelligence which has been made available to House members.
"""For customers to get the most of the Internet, several factors are crucial,"" Pierre Danon, CEO of BT's retail unit."
The American troops from 3-15 infantry, who also defend the compound of the Falluja mayor, have been attacked on two occasions.
But Forest, the Freedom Organisation for the Right to Enjoy Smoking Tobacco, said: ''Mention the word prohibition and everyone knows what happened there.
Democrats argue they are not constitutionally required to redraw the lines, and that proposed maps would disenfranchise minorities and rural Texas.
Taher, acting against his attorney's advice, became the fifth member of the six to enter a plea agreement with the government.
In 1999, NIST found, the Port Authority issued guidelines to upgrade the fireproofing to a thickness of 1 1/2 inches.
The Commerce Department imposed a 44.71 percent tariff on dynamic random access memory semiconductors, or DRAMS, made by Hynix Semiconductor Inc.
"""This was a persistent problem which has not been solved, mechanically and physically,"" said board member Steven Wallace."
In July 32 Singaporean police officers were sent to Baghdad to help train Iraqi police forces and returned home last month.
Bush said in a statement that he ordered the U.S. Treasury Department to act following Tuesday's suicide bombing attack in Jerusalem, which killed 20 people.
Including the charge, the Santa Clara, Calif.-based company said Monday it lost $1.04 billion, or 32 cents per share, in the period ending June 30.
"""We're in the Stanley Cup finals, and it was a little bit embarrassing the way we played in the first two games."
As executive vice president of new ventures, Elias will report to Joe Tucci, EMC's president and chief executive.
The U.S. steel tariffs, which Bush imposed in March 2002, were to officially end at midnight Thursday (0500 GMT), instead of March 2005 as initially planned.
He was identified by his driver's license and cell phone, Utah County Sheriff Jim Tracy said.
Quattrone is accused of attempting to obstruct justice by endorsing that e-mail, which encouraged co-workers to destroy files on profitable investment banking deals.
SARS has killed about 800 people and sickened more than 8,400 worldwide, mostly in Asia.
Mr Berlusconi is accused of bribing judges to influence a takeover battle in the 1980s involving SME, a state-owned food company.
The statement said Mr Turner transferred 10 million shares of the stock to a charitable trust, which then sold them.
She was the only woman employed as a warehouse worker and heavy equipment operator and the only woman in her Teamsters local.
The resolution was approved with no debate by delegates, who met in San Francisco for the bar association's annual meeting.
YES filed suit yesterday in the Supreme Court of New York County in Manhattan.
Both Blair and Bush have faced accusations that they manipulated intelligence about weapons of mass destruction to make the case for military action.
"But Ms Ward said the headroom under its financial covenants was ""tight"" and that there could be a rating downgrade if Southcorp did breach any banking covenants."
The compilers are available in two flavors: the Intel C++ Compiler for Microsoft eMbedded Visual C++ retails for USD$399 and is intended for application development use.
Witnesses said they believed the man planned to crash the Launceston-bound Qantas flight 1737, which was carrying 47 passengers and six crew.
But the company said that its competitors simply were trying to hinder MCI's emergence from bankruptcy.
Christina's aunt, Shelley Riling , said the defense's claims were preposterous.
"In addition, ""fewer than 10"" FBI offices have conducted investigations involving visits to Islamic mosques, the Justice Department said."
"Georgia cannot afford to not get funding,"" said county health director Dr. Melinda Rowe."
J.D. Edwards shareholders will receive 0.86 of a share of PeopleSoft for each share of J.D. Edwards.
Defense lawyers asked the High Court to dismiss the charges, saying the state has failed to present a solid case.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 0.3 per cent at 9,886.75, while the Nasdaq Composite index was 0.4 per cent higher at 1,986.97.
"He greeted the mayor of Miami, Manny Diaz, as ""Alex."""
The Supreme Court agreed Monday in Illinois vs. Telemarketing Associates.
Carlson on Tuesday said he would not recuse himself from the case.
The changed national ownership limit allows a company to own TV stations reaching 45 percent of U.S. households instead of 35 percent.
Emmy and Golden Globe Award-winners James Brolin and Judy Davis star as Ronald and Nancy Reagan in The Reagans.
In seeking leniency, Waksal apologized to the court, his employees and his family.
Idaho Gem also is the first sterile animal to be cloned.
Shares of Genentech, a much larger company with several products on the market, rose more than 2 percent.
"""People just love e-mail, and it really bothers them that spam is ruining such a good thing,"" said Deborah Fallows, the Pew researcher who wrote the report."
Taiwan has attempted to gain observer status to the United Nations-affiliated WHO for seven years, but again was rebuffed March 19 at its annual conference in Geneva.
Witnesses believe he wanted to crash Flight 1737, which had 47 passengers and six crew.
Shares of Mattel were down 13 cents to $19.72 on the New York Stock Exchange.
"U.S. District Judge Denny Chin said Fox's claim was ""wholly without merit, both factually and legally."""
The companies say their consumers want to enjoy their content, regardless of the source, across different devices and locations in the home.
Holding the market back, News Corp fell two percent to A$12.34 and Brambles dropped 2.3 percent to A$4.73 after a weak performance overnight.
Garner said the group would probably be expanded to include, for example, a Christian and perhaps another Sunni leader.
It names Shelley, Los Angeles County Registrar of Voters Conny McCormack, and registrars in Orange and San Diego counties as defendants.
It held elections in 1990, but refused to recognise the results when Miss Suu Kyi's National League for Democracy won by a landslide.
HP fell to second place with server sales growing 0.4 percent to $2.9 billion.
Sayliyah was the command base for the Iraq war, but Central Command sent hundreds who ran the war back home to Tampa, Florida.
"""The government elements who have been causing trouble are still in place."
Microsoft Corp. this week is releasing the second in a line of seven Microsoft Office Solution Accelerators for its suite.
The Nasdaq composite index advanced 20.59, or 1.3 percent, to 1,616.50, after gaining 5.7 percent last week.
"This deterioration of security compounds when nearly all computers rely on a single operating system subject to the same vulnerabilities the world over,"" Geer added."
The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 11.67, or 1.2 percent, to 975.26, having risen 3.3 percent last week.
"The boy was taken to Nassau University Medical Center, where staff said he was ""doing okay."""
Britain's Department for Transport said ''the threat level to UK civil aviation interests in Kenya has increased to imminent,'' and suspended flights after 6 p.m.
EDT.
At 8 a.m.
Friday, San Joaquin County Sheriff's deputies found the body of Adan Avalos, 37.
WorldCom, brought down by an $11 billion accounting scandal, is adopting the name of its MCI long-distance division in a bid to clean up its image.
Hearing was partially restored by an electronic ear implant.
Shares of EDS closed Thursday at $18.51, up 6 cents on the New York Stock Exchange.
House Democrats are planning a series of town meetings throughout the nation this month to lay out their complaints about the House bill.
Server software, however, costs thousands of dollars, such as SharePoint Portal Server, which retails for $5,619.
Orange shares jumped as much as 15 percent.
"""Rendezvous has been a TIBCO mark for many years and is one of our flagship products,"" said George Ahn, chief marketing officer, Tibco."
After the war, she spent three years under Allied arrest.
Those that choose the handset option must have 95 percent of their customers using the technology by the end of 2005.
BREAST cancer cases in the UK have hit an all-time high with more than 40,000 women diagnosed with the disease each year, Cancer Re-search UK revealed yesterday.
Already, China's moves are sending ripples through the region.
"""That sounds more like Stonewall Jackson than Reverend (Jesse) Jackson,"" he retorted."
Bob Richter, spokesman for Craddick, R-Midland, said the speaker had not seen the ruling and could not comment.
"""We believe this is the right decision for the company (Jinro), for its employees and for its creditors,"" it said."
At 10 p.m.
Thursday, Odette was about 295 miles south-southeast of Kingston, Jamaica and about 900 miles south-southeast of Palm Beach.
On Saturday, a 149mph serve against Agassi equalled Rusedski's world record.
It's been a busy couple of days for security gurus assigned to keep their companies safe and sound.
"""We condemn and denounce the Governing Council, which is headed by the United States,"" Moqtada al-Sadr said."
Before completion, the group will take surplus cash of 16.5m from TCG to reduce its net borrowings.
State television said the dead included seven Lebanese, four Egyptians, one Saudi, one Sudanese and four whose nationalities were not named.
The Commerce Commission would have been a significant hurdle for such a deal.
The tech-heavy Nasdaq Stock Markets composite index added 14.17 points or 0.94 per cent to 1,517.05.
Microsoft has been awarded a patent for a feature in instant messaging that alerts a user when the person they are communicating with is inputting a message.
The commission estimated California lost $937 million to corporate tax shelters in 2001.
Oran Smith, president of the Palmetto Family Council, said the assassination marked the end of America's innocence.
Shares of AT&T climbed 4.4 percent or 90 cents to $21.40, adding to the previous day's gain of 6 percent.
Police launched an international hunt for Shevaun Pennington after she ran away with 31-year-old Toby Studabaker Saturday.
Although a small city-state, Singapore is the 12th-largest trading partner of the United States, with trade volume of $33.4 billion last year.
The three men charged with terrorism have been identified as Abdul Azi Haji Thiming and Muhammad Jalaludin Mading of Thailand, and Esam Mohammed Khidr Ali of Egypt.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC lost 4.95 points, or 0.33 percent, at 1,486.14.
At first, the animals' performance declined compared with the joystick sessions.
The United States only agreed to let the agency back into Iraq after repeated warnings by IAEA chief Mohamed ElBaradei.
She suffered severe brain damage following a heart attack in 1990.
Kelly killed himself after being exposed as the source for a BBC report which claimed the government had embellished evidence of Iraq's banned weapons to justify the war.
The transfers would reduce P&G's worldwide work force to slightly less than 100,000.
"A second Indonesian, Imam Samudra, the so-called ""field commander"" of the bombings, was sentenced to death last month."
The study found that only about one-third of parents of sexually experienced 14-year-olds knew their children were having sex.
Consumers still would have to get a descrambling security card from their cable operator to plug into the set.
In New York City, bars and restaurants that allow people to smoke can face hefty fines.
Shares of Schering-Plough closed down 4 cents at $16.76 in Thursday trade on the New York Stock Exchange.
A DoD team is on site to determine how this happened and what needs to be done to fix the breach, the release stated.
Experts say they think better treatment, including widespread use of the drug tamoxifen, as well as mammogram screening are responsible for the improvement.
"""This deal makes sense for both companies,"" said National Chief Executive Brian Halla."
Revelations of the expenditures shocked some employees at Delta, an airline that has posted huge losses and cut jobs as it struggles with increased security costs and fewer passengers.
"""But the First Amendment does not shield fraud,"" Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg wrote for the court."
"""The idea of a federal betting parlor on atrocities and terrorism is ridiculous and it's grotesque,"" said Wyden."
The 2 1/2 -ton probe will plunge into the thick Jovian atmosphere today at 3:49 p.m.
Eastern time, disintegrating moments later from the friction generated by its 108,000-mph free-fall.
The attacks are often fuelled by a mix of tribal hatreds and a desire to spread terror in the region.
After a day of testimony, Cohen recessed the hearing until this afternoon.
"It turned out that the ""weapon"" was part of a Halloween costume."
It was the culmination of a row caused by Alabama Chief Justice Roy Moore, who installed the 2400kg monument in the Alabama Judicial Building in 2001.
The attack seemed similar to others staged near foreign compounds in Riyadh on May 12.
"""Here's what happened: I go to their Web site and start complaining to them, would you please, please, please stop bothering me,"" he said. """
"""I have proposed to the [IAAF] council that Drummond be excluded from the championships."""
Kempenaers said some species are still faithful, notably swans and sea birds such as the albatross, which mate for life and are never unfaithful to their partners.
It's happened five times in the last 11 years: A disaster puts this Southwestern town in the headlines during the summer tourist season.
Per-user pricing is $29 for Workplace Messaging, $89 for Team Collaboration and $35 for Collaborative Learning.
Best Minister, Scrimshaw, and Ten Most Wanted all had workouts on Monday morning.
"US officials said downward ""rotor wash"" generated by the hovering helicopter stripped the flag from the tower."
The study appears today in the New England Journal of Medicine.
"Using bookmarks and back and forth buttons - we had about eighteen different things we had in mind for the browser,"" he told an industry audience in London yesterday."
"""My understanding of this is that there is a lower percentage of successful impregnations with frozen,"" Ezzell said."
Mark Kaiser and Tim Lee, respectively US Foodservice vice-presidents for marketing and purchasing, have been dismissed.
Drinking more coffee may reduce the risk of developing the most common form of diabetes, a study has found.
The outbreak of severe acute respiratory syndrome, wars in Iraq and Afghanistan and economic uncertainty in Europe and America have depressed air travel.
Under the 1973 Roe vs. Wade ruling, before a fetus could live outside the womb, the abortion decision was left to the woman and her physician.
Officer Evans did not respond to requests for an interview last week.
Atlanta's Hartsfield International Airport will test a nationwide security system that will collect fingerprints and take photographs of millions of foreign visitors each year.
Furthermore, chest tightness after exercise and prevalence of asthma were both linked to the amount of time spent at the pool.
After the further analysis of the subset data, the companies plan to discuss the results with regulators and then determine how to proceed.
The seizure took place at 4 a.m. on March 18, just hours before the first American air assault.
The indictment follows a criminal complaint filed by federal prosecutors on April 23.
Agriculture Secretary Luis Lorenzo told Reuters there was no damage to the rice crop as harvesting had just finished.
Dennehy, who transferred to Baylor last year after getting kicked off the University of New Mexico Lobos for temper tantrums, became a born-again Christian in June 2002.
"""We condemn and denounce the Governing Council, which is headed by the United States,"" Moqtada al-Sadr said."
A recent poll showed Edwards in a virtual four-way tie at the top in South Carolina, and he plans a rally there later on Tuesday.
But the economy hasn't shown signs of sustainable growth.
One of the Commission's publicly stated goals is to ensure other producers' server software can work with desktop computers running Windows as easily as Microsoft's.
The chain, which has been under new management since late 1999, has more than 3,400 stores and $15.8 billion in annual revenue.
"""It is probably not the easiest time to come in and take over the shuttle program, but then again, I look forward to the challenge,"" he said."
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX gained 22.25 points, or 2.23 percent, to 1,018.22, based on the latest available figures.
Mitchell, Man of La Mancha, Malcolm Gets from Amour and John Selya, Movin' Out, complete the field.
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX was up 8.79 points, or 0.96 percent, at 929.06.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX added 1.14 points, or 0.12 percent, at 968.14.
She appeared in federal court there Monday and was expected to be transferred to Houston in two weeks.
"""Only 1pc of those taking the drug worldwide have contracted ILD as a result,"" she said."
White, who had suffered kidney failure from years of high blood pressure, died at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center around 9:30 a.m., said manager Ned Shankman.
The Nasdaq is down roughly 0.4 percent for the month, on track to snap a 7-month streak of gains.
"The high profile, two-week campaign was designed to show a strong police presence around London and resulted in 42 arrests, which a spokesman said was ""pretty impressive""."
Hundreds of reporters and photographers swamped the town and the short hearing involving the five-time All-Star was carried live on national cable networks.
As previously announced, the final will be at the new Home Depot Center in Carson on Oct.
12.
It is rare for a legal challenge to occur before a bill becomes law.
Last year, Congress passed similar, though less expensive, buyout legislation for peanut farmers to end that program that also dated from the Depression years.
Peace Rules defeated Funny Cide in the Louisiana Derby.
Her knees were swollen for days and she still bears scars there and on her legs and ankles.
Among Fox viewers, 41 percent describe themselves as Republicans, 24 percent as Democrats and 30 percent as Independents.
Other, more traditional tests are also available.
It will also help reform the Royal Solomon Islands Police, strengthen the courts and prisons system and protect key institutions such as the Finance Ministry from intimidation.
The International Atomic Energy Agency asked for information on the uranium assertions after London's dossier was published, but Britain did not provide any, U.N. officials said.
His plan would cost over $200 billion annually and be paid for by repealing Bush's tax cuts.
The board is investigating whether a shortage of funds in the shuttle program compromised safety.
The announcements were made at the International Broadcasting Convention (IBC) in Amsterdam.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average ended down 128 points, or 1.4%, at 9073, while the Nasdaq fell 34 points, or 2.1%, to 1610.
Tennessee officials are setting up relief services and mobile communications in Jackson after power was wiped out in the town.
Khatami, who arrived in Beirut Monday, was also to visit Syria, Yemen and Bahrain.
Police chief Superintendent Jesus Verzosa, who heads the national police intelligence group, which had custody of Al-Ghozi, offered his resignation, and Ebdane accepted it.
Sir Jeremy Greenstock, the UK's ambassador to the UN, is due to lead a week-long Security Council mission to West Africa in mid-May.
When such acceleration occurs, the drive's read/write head gets temporarily parked until the system is stabilised.
Delta personnel at Atlanta's Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport scrambled all day to find alternate flights including seats on other airlines for passengers.
"""The figures are becoming catastrophic,"" said Dr. Patrick Pelloux, the president of the association of emergency room physicians."
Treasury prices rose slightly, sending the 10-year note yield down to 4.38 percent from 4.39 percent late Friday.
As of today, forecasts show a weak cold front bringing thunderstorms into South Texas on Sunday at the same time a tropical wave moves in from the Yucatan.
The tech-heavy Nasdaq composite index fell 3.99, or 0.2 percent, to 1,682.72, following a two-day win of 55.93.
SCO net income of $4.5 million, or 33 cents per share, on revenue of $21.4 million, in 2003's second fiscal quarter, ended April 30.
Fatima, meanwhile, was on her turquoise cell phone organizing the prom.
The lawsuit, filed after a 19-month investigation by the Employee Benefits Security Administration, names former Enron Chairman Kenneth Lay and former chief executive Jeff Skilling, among others.
His harsh criticism of PLO chairman Yasser Arafat led to his books being banned for a time by the Palestinian Authority.
Sales of downloaded singles and albums will be included in Billboard's charts for those configurations.
WHO noted that most resistant bacteria growth among humans was due to overuse of antibiotics by doctors -- not due to farmers.
The Agriculture Department already has issued a recall for beef slaughtered along with the infected cow Dec.
9 at a meat company in Moses Lake, Wash.
NBC probably will end the season as the second most popular network behind CBS, which is first among the key 18-to-49-year-old demographic.
The two forms constitute 30 percent of the 7 million applications filed to the bureau each year.
NBC will probably end the season as the second most-popular network behind CBS, which is first among the key 18-to-49-year-old demographic.
"At Wednesday's summit, Abbas pledged to end the ""armed intefadeh,"" renounced ""terrorism against the Israelis wherever they might be"" and alluded to the disarming of militants."
He had been arrested twice before for trespassing and barred from the complex - home to his mother and two children.
Two schools, Duke and North Carolina, have steadfastly opposed expansion.
Officials involved in the Howard project rejected the idea that it could harm black people.
Partly as a result, ABC chose to broadcast its special report out of Washington with Ted Koppel as anchor.
The Federal Trade Commission asked Congress yesterday for broader powers to attack the rapidly growing problem of spam, which new studies show accounts for half of all e-mail traffic.
The disease has infected 6,583 people in over two dozen countries, WHO said yesterday.
Police said the suspected Marriott suicide bomber was Asmar Latin Sani, 28, from the island of Sumatra.
"They said progress towards resolving the nuclear issue and progress in the trade talks were ""interdependent, essential and mutually reinforcing elements of EU-Iran relations""."
"""Clearly, the debate (over recent developments) has had an effect,"" says David Smith of the Human Rights Campaign."
"""I still want to be the candidate for guys with Confederate flags in their pickup trucks,"" he told the Register."
The lawyer representing Torch Concepts, Rich Marsden did not respond to repeated phone calls.
He said firefighters had an advantage on the northern flank because of an existing firebreak dug during last year's fire north of Mount Lemmon.
In 1998 Intel invested $500 million in Micron, but later sold the equity it had bought, Mulloy said.
"""We're optimistic we can deliver the vaccine to these people in time to do good,"" said Dr. David Fleming of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention."
The emotional communications were made public after a legal skirmish between the authority and The New York Times.
Texas, which has more than three times Michigan's inmate population, is treating 328 of its 16,298 infected inmates.
The Fijian military installed an all-indigenous government led by Mr Qarase, who won democratic elections in September 2001.
Axelrod died of heart failure while asleep at his Los Angeles home, said his daughter, Nina Axelrod.
The panels picture the towers standing tall and outline their history, including their construction, the 1993 bombing and their ultimate destruction on Sept.
11, 2001.
His election was hailed in some quarters as a breakthrough for gay rights, but condemned in others as a violation of God's word.
Elsewhere in Europe, Philips was up 3.8 percent after saying on Friday it was seeing positive developments with its U.S. dollar sales.
The unemployment rate is predicted to have ticked up a percentage point to 6.1%.
"""If you pass this bill, Big Brother will be watching you,"" said Rep. John Mabry, D-Waco."
With Claritin's decline, Schering-Plough's best-selling products now are two drugs used together to treat hepatitis C, the antiviral pill ribavirin and an interferon medicine called Peg-Intron.
On May 1, he crawled through a narrow, winding canyon, rappelled down a 60-foot cliff and walked some six miles down the canyon.
"""The court expects that 25 years from now, the use of racial preferences will no longer be necessary,"" O'Connor wrote."
Cool, moist air moved into Colorado overnight, raising hopes for firefighters battling two wind-whipped wildfires that forced thousands to flee and threatened hundreds of homes.
But the judge, Louis York, said the authority can hold another set of public hearings on raising commuting costs afterward.
Justice Sandra Day O'Connor said today that she would serve out the next term of the Supreme Court, dismissing speculation that she was ready to retire.
"""This new division will be focused on the vitally important task of protecting the nation's cyber assets so that we may best protect the nation’s critical infrastructure assets."""
After Hedges' microphone was unplugged for a second time, Pribbenow told him to wrap up his speech.
Network security products maker Secure Computing Inc. said Tuesday it is acquiring content-filtering vendor N2H2 for $20 million, furthering consolidation in an already-competitive market.
But Mr Kenny said his advice to David Hicks, should they be allowed to meet, might be that he accept a deal.
Last week, Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee ended an 18-month chill in relations by ordering normalisation of diplomatic ties and restoration of air services with Pakistan.
"""We believe KBR delivered fuel to Iraq at the best value, the best price and the best terms,"" Halliburton spokeswoman Wendy Hall said."
Democrats dominate the Assembly while Republicans control the Senate.
But PeopleSoft said the new deal should add to its 2004 earnings, excluding amortization and other items.
It's the National Audubon Society's annual Christmas Bird Count, now in its 104th season.
"""Really, this plan is an insult to working parents throughout New York City,"" Mr. Silver said."
Cullen, 43, is charged with murdering a Catholic clergyman and attempting to kill another patient at Somerset Medical Center.
Hundreds of people have signed petitions calling for Archbishop Thomas Kelly's resignation for his handling of the crisis.
The risk is doubled for people with two copies of the mutated gene, the researchers said.
If those loss reductions continue, further rate reductions should be ordered, Bordelon said.
The report shows that drugs sold in Canadian pharmacies are manufactured in facilities approved by Health Canada - the FDA's counterpart in Canada.
It takes 100 of the 150 House members to conduct business.
But they don't realize that until it's too late (of course) because they're potential victims.
Walker said he expects that the president's budget will include a request for three percent to five percent budget increases for NASA for each of the next five years.
The daily Hurriyet said the raid aimed to foil a Turkish plot to kill an unnamed senior Iraqi Kurdish official in Kirkuk, but Gul has denied any Turkish plot.
"""The risk of inflation becoming undesirably low remains the predominant concern for the foreseeable future,"" the Fed said in a statement accompanying the unanimous decision."
NITED NATIONS, Aug.
26 International inspectors have found traces of highly enriched uranium at an Iranian facility, according to a new confidential report distributed today.
Shares of other mortgage lenders and home construction companies also fell.
Shares of the Smithfield rose more than 8 percent as the company said it expected the transaction to boost earnings immediately.
"In a statement issued by his solicitors, Mr Hadley said: ""I am absolutely delighted with the outcome of proceedings."
The Neighbours star and singer spent yesterday resting at her family home in Sydney and will have more tests today.
July 18: Hurlbert files a single count of felony sexual assault against Bryant.
The issue is unlikely to be resolved until Congress reconvenes in early September.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was up 14.35 points, or 0.89 percent, at 1,617.91.
"Officials in Malawi said the five suspects had been on the CIA's ""watch list"" since the twin 1998 truck bombings of U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania."
To the frightened Burns, Richardson said, confessing a crime he did not commit looked like the only out.
Corixa's stock barely flinched on the news, dipping 12 cents to close at $6.88.
At a news conference on Staten Island, U.S. Attorney Roslynn Mauskopf announced she would be taking over the probe from District Attorney William Murphy.
He faces up to 10 years in prison and a $250,000 fine if convicted.
"""We respectfully disagreed with Massachusetts' request for fees on the basis that they did not prevail on the vast majority of their original claims."""
The Intel C++ Compiler for Platform Builder for Microsoft Windows CE.Net is available for $1,499 and is intended for use by device manufacturers and systems integrators.
"""Germany is on the right path,"" he added, specifying his government's announced structural reform plan, known as Agenda 2010, and tax cuts."
The leased applications are designed to help sales people track customer accounts and sales leads.
Every day more American soldiers die.
In 2002, spending on inpatient hospital care grew by 6.8 percent and that on outpatient hospital care by 14.6 percent.
That compares with a profit of $1 million, or breakeven, on $1.39 billion in revenue during the same period last year.
The eliminations at Eddie Bauer come at all divisions and levels of the company, said Eddie Bauer spokeswoman Lisa Erickson.
"Mr. Day said that the consequences had been ""catastrophic"" for the women involved and for the many mixed-race children shunned in their communities."
Video replays suggested the ball had hit the ground before making contact with Sangakkara's foot.
Australia's 9 million income taxpayers received surprise tax cuts of between $3 and $11 a week from Treasurer Peter Costello last night.
Rebels consolidated their grip on a troubled northeastern Congolese town Tuesday as residents identified at least 112 dead after a week of fighting.
Attorney Mitchell Garabedian, who represents many young men who say they were molested by Geoghan, said he was shocked and surprised to hear of Geoghan's death.
Leon Williams' body was found inside his third-floor apartment at 196 Bay St., in Tompkinsville.
The three chains have replaced most of the 70,000 striking workers with temporary employees to keep their stores open.
Police said her two small children were alone in the apartment for up to two days.
Mr Qarase must now invite up to eight Labour Party members into cabinet.
Opposition to the bill has come from environmentalists, the Miccosukee Tribe, some scientists and members of Congress.
The case marks the court's second major separation of church and state case in two years.
"""I have said throughout ...
I have absolutely no doubt about the existence of weapons of mass destruction."
Montgomery was one of the first places to enact such a law, but many places, including New York City, now ban smoking in bars.
"""We're pleased with the judge's decision,"" said Mark Herr, spokesman for Merrill Lynch."
Associated Press quotes a local policeman as saying that the British troops were targeted by townspeople angry over civilian deaths during an earlier demonstration in the town of Majar al-Kabir.
"""Everything is going to move everywhere,"" Doug Feith, undersecretary of defence for policy, said in an interview."
However, scientists led by physicist Frank McDonald of the University of Maryland disagree.
The last time the survey was conducted, in 1995, those numbers matched.
The $19.50-a-share bid, comes two days after PeopleSoft revised its bid for smaller rival J.D. Edwards & Co.
JDEC.O to include cash as well as stock.
Moose's book goes on sale Monday, nearly a year after the sniper shootings started in the Washington area.
Comstock said several federal courts have ruled that the detentions are fully within the law.
The weather service reported maximum sustained winds of nearly 105 miles an hour with stronger gusts.
Tim Hortons' same-store sales in Canada rose by 6.7 per cent.
Intel Corp. narrowed its second-quarter revenue forecast Thursday, saying sales of microprocessors were at the high end of normal while demand for communications chips remained soft.
The World Health Organization — another Lilly partner, along with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and Purdue University — has declared TB a global emergency.
Miss Novikova said while there is no standard weight for ballerinas, Miss Volochkova is 'bigger than others'.
Most other potential buyers are interested only in cherry-picking the most attractive assets.
"The mock explosion of a radioactive ""dirty bomb,"" the first event in the weeklong drill, occurred on several acres in the south Seattle industrial area."
So far the only declared major party candidate is Rep. Darrell Issa, a Republican who has spent $1.5 million of his own money to fund the recall.
Daniels said he doesn't know what Bush will say at tonight's $2,000-per-person reception to raise funds for his presidential re-election bid.
Barry Callebaut will be able to use Brach's retail network to sell products made from its German subsidiary Stollwerck, which makes chocolate products unknown to the American market.
He is charged in three bombings in Atlanta _ including a blast at the 1996 Olympics _ along with the bombing in Alabama.
The American Film Institute recently named her the top female screen legend.
Yucaipa owned Dominick's before selling the chain to Safeway in 1998 for $2.5 billion.
The wounded doctor, whose name was withheld, underwent surgery at the hospital for three gunshot wounds.
Slightly more than half of the profit shortfall results from a sales slump, with weakness spread across the company's various geographic and end markets.
The final will be at the new Home Depot Center in Carson on Oct.
12.
"""If that ain't a Democrat, I must be at the wrong meeting,"" he said."
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI added 38 points, or 0.42 percent, to 9,165.
Martin served two thirds of a five-year sentence for the manslaughter of Barras and for wounding Fearon.
Analysts were expecting a profit of 30 cents a share for the third quarter and $1.31 a share for the full year.
Cohen recessed the hearing until this afternoon and said he expected to issue his findings next week.
The investigation was closed without charges in 2001.
Air Transport Association spokeswoman Diana Cronan said that travel was down in May through July and that she also expected it to be off over Labor Day.
National City shares were down 15 cents to $32.43 on the New York Stock Exchange.
The face of President Saddam Hussein was added to Iraqi currency after the 1991 Gulf War.
The final chapter in the trilogy, The Matrix Revolutions, is out in November.
"""There must be more on the horizon than simply winning a war against terrorism,"" namely, a ""promise of a better and fairer world."""
As a result, Murphy sought to substitute Strier's sister, Ethel Celnik, as the trustee.
"""Until this site was reported, the earliest site in Bering land-bridge area was dated at about 11,000 years ago,"" Grayson said."
WSE version 2 is available from Microsoft's developer Web site.
Two of the six people that testified to Congress today were engaged in a bitter dispute over airing Yankees games.
"""We hope all parties will continue to make efforts and continue the process of dialogue,"" the Chinese Foreign Ministry said in a statement."
The lawsuit names Shelley, a Democrat, and registrars in Los Angeles, Orange and San Diego counties.
Waksal, who pleaded guilty to securities fraud charges, recently began serving a prison sentence of more than seven years.
There are 625 U.N. troops in Bunia, while there are between 25,000 and 28,000 tribal fighters, from all sides, in the region.
But Senator Hill appeared unaware of the intelligence problems that have been of serious concern to US, Australian and British military intelligence officers.
According to Microsoft's latest proxy report, Ballmer held nearly 471 million shares as of Sept.
9, 2002.
The Bluetooth SIG made its announcement at the Bluetooth World Congress in Amsterdam this week.
The vulnerability affects NT 4.0, NT 4.0 Terminal Services Edition, Windows 2000, Windows XP and Windows Server 2003.
AustMag has since asked the experienced US company Fluor to produce a detailed costing of the project but the report is still two weeks away.
Neither OLAF nor the Belgian prosecutors have specified if it was this system that was at the centre of the investigation.
Grant also has been elected to Monsanto's board of directors, the company said in a statement.
The Democratic sample has an error margin of plus or minus 6.1 percent.
However, EPA officials would not confirm the 20 percent figure.
Holders of paper bonds will be able, though not required, to convert to electronic accounts.
Big Blue says the SEC calls the action a fact-finding investigation and has not reached any conclusions related to this matter.
The Nasdaq composite index dropped 6.8 percent, and the Standard & Poor's fell 4.9 percent.
"""Nevertheless, I believe the Patriot Act has turned out to be, on balance, a terrible mistake."""
Robert Walsh, 40, remained in critical but stable condition Friday at Staten Island University Hospital's north campus.
"Investigators ""were chipping away at the concrete to get to the body,"" said Chris Butler, who lives across the street in the quiet city neighborhood."
Plaintiffs' attorneys would get $4.1 million of the settlement.
Mr Bush arrives on Tuesday on the first state visit by an American President.
"""Contrary to the court's decision, we firmly believe Congress gave the FTC authority to implement the national Do Not Call list."
Freddie also said Leland C. Brendsel will retire as chairman and chief executive and resign from the board.
"""This is the time we priests need to be renewing our pledge to celibacy, not questioning it,"" he wrote."
The film is the second of a trilogy, which will wrap up in November with The Matrix Revolutions.
PBL's Channel Nine has been billed as Australia's most popular commercial station after it recently recorded 26 consecutive weeks on top of the ratings.
The patch also fixes a vulnerability that results because IE does not implement an appropriate block on a file download dialog box.
The results, published in the Journal of the American Medical Association, involved just 47 heart attack patients.
Agrawal said her research does not suggests that PCOS causes lesbianism, only that PCOS is more prevalent in lesbian women.
Wal-Mart shares rose 16 cents to close at $58.28 on the New York Stock Exchange.
"""I never grabbed anyone and then pulled up their shirt and grabbed their breasts, and stuff like that."
A federal grand jury and the Securities and Exchange Commission were looking into how the company allocated shares of initial public stock offerings.
FRIENDS of Robert De Niro yesterday rallied around him after he was diagnosed with prostate cancer.
Robert B. Willumstad, 57, Citigroup's president, was named chief operating officer.
US Special Forces troops are training Colombian soldiers at military bases in the region to protect the pipeline, which transports crude from Colombia's second-biggest oil field.
COMPACT discs could be history within five years after scientists made a fingertip-sized replacement.
A 114-year-old Japanese woman who just weeks ago assumed the title of the world's oldest person died today, a Hiroshima official said.
He spoke in Manhattan's State Supreme Court, where O'Donnell and G+J sued each other for breach of contract.
Through Sunday, Sept.
21, Site Finder has been visited over 65 million times by Internet users.
The second company, to be called Prisma Energy International Inc., includes 19 international power and pipeline holdings.
"""We don't want to stand by and see a credit card lynching take place,"" he said."
It's happened five times in the last decade: A disaster puts this tourist town in the headlines during summer, its busiest season.
The dollar was at 116.92 yen against the yen , flat on the session, and at 1.2891 against the Swiss franc , also flat.
Last year, the court ruled 5-4 in an Ohio case that government vouchers are constitutional if they provide parents with choices among a range of religious and secular schools.
In contrast, he said, West Nile virus made 4,156 people ill and killed 284 in the United States and Canada last year.
"""This is a good day for America's farmers,"" said Sen. Charles Grassley, R-Iowa, in reaction to the administration announcement."
More than 130 people and $17 million have been seized nationwide in operations by the FBI and other agencies to stop cybercrime.
In the evening, he asked for six pepperoni pizzas and two six-packs of soft drinks, which officers delivered.
Telemarketers who call listed numbers could face FCC fines of up to $120,000.
Yes, from today Flash memory purchased from AMD or Fujitsu will be branded Spansion.
"""Sitting around in base camp knocking back cans of beer - that I don't particularly regard as mountaineering."""
Legato stockholders will get 0.9 of a share of EMC stock for every share of Legato they own.
A coalition of campaign groups, including the militant national students body, is backing the protests, which the NLC called in defiance of a court order banning them.
"""We have sent a message to the nation that this is a new Louisiana,"" she told a victory party in New Orleans."
It was the 23-9 Yankees' third straight defeat - their longest skid of the season.
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average eased 44 points, or 0.47 percent, to 9,543, after scoring five consecutive up sessions.
On Sunday, the experts will perform the first simultaneous release of five whales from a single stranding incident in the United States.
"He urged Congress to ""send me the final bill as soon as possible so that I can sign it into law."""
"""This case is wholly without merit, both factually and legally,"" Chin said."
"In the undergraduate case, Rehnquist said the use of race was not ""narrowly tailored"" to achieve the university's asserted interest in diversity."
A convicted killer and two other inmates cut through two fences topped with razor wire and escaped from a state prison on a busy street.
"Soros criticised Snow's policy shift as a ""mistake""."
Congress passed the measure twice and President Bill Clinton (news - web sites), citing the lack of a health exception, vetoed it.
"Detective Chief Inspector Norman McKinlay, leading the investigation, said: ""There is evidence a body or bodies have been in this area."
Newisys, an Austin, Texas, startup headed by former IBM and Dell execs, will become a wholly-owned subsidiary.
"""I'm not going to be sponsoring it because it is not our proposal but I'm not going to be negative about it""."
In addition, David Jones will pay him $10 million to take over the Foodchain leases.
He said that dogs are second only to humans in terms of being the subject of medical research.
They returned in 1999 after rebel raids on a neighboring Russian region and a series of deadly apartment-building bombings that were blamed on the rebels.
Sgt. Ernest Bucklew, 33, was coming home from Iraq to bury his mother in Pennsylvania.
"The government said FirstEnergy Nuclear determined that a contractor had established an unprotected high-speed computer connection to its corporate network that allowed the ""Slammer"" infection to spread internally."
"SEC Chairman William Donaldson said there is a ""building confidence out there that the cop is on the beat."""
Blue chips edged lower by midday on Wednesday as a wave of profit warnings drained some of the optimism that has driven a rally over the past three months.
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average eased 44 points, or 0.47 percent, to 9,543, after scoring five consecutive up sessions.
When a manager let him into the apartment, the youngster was in a baby's bathtub, covered with a towel and watching a TV cartoon channel.
The GameCube, which badly underperformed expectations in the last fiscal year, trails both Sony's PlayStation 2 and Microsoft Corp.'s MSFT.O Xbox.
The hearing is to determine whether there is enough evidence to order Akbar to a general court-martial proceeding.
The Dodgers won their sixth consecutive game and seventh in their last nine as they beat Colorado 3-2 on Wednesday in front of a crowd of 25,332 at Dodger Stadium.
Entrenched interests are positioning themselves to control the network's chokepoints and they are lobbying the FCC to aid and abet them.
Market research firm Dell'Oro Group estimates this market will total $12 billion in 2004.
Rescue workers arriving at February's deadly nightclub fire met a horrific scene, as people trapped in the club's doorway screamed for help, rescue tapes released Thursday show.
The company has expanded those basic services, offering payment and even financing.
Veteran entertainer Bob Hope celebrates his 100th birthday - and many years in showbusiness - on Thursday.
Nelson had received a technical foul with 2:46 to go in the first quarter.
Friends of Animals president Priscilla Feral said she is considering the possibility of further legal action but declined to elaborate.
In the year-ago period, Pearson posted a 26 million pre-tax profit.
The new group ambitiously expects to issue guidelines by the end of the year and release products by late 2004.
More than a dozen people were killed in those attacks.
Wyles previous feature credits include White Oleander, Enough and Donnie Darko.
Grinspun’s concerns came after two emergency room nurses tried to warn doctors at the hospital in mid-May that five family members had SARS-like symptoms, according to the newspaper.
The euro was around 126.50 yen compared to its late Tuesday U.S. level of 126.35 yen but down sharply from around 127.30 yen in early Asian trade on Tuesday.
John Hickenlooper had 65 percent of the vote to 35 percent for City Auditor Don Mares.
Florida's primary will be March 9, after 28 states' primaries or caucuses.
The report also claims that there will be up to 9.3 million visitors to hot spots this year, up again from the meagre 2.5 million in 2002.
"Texas Instruments climbed $US1.37 to $US19.25 and Novellus Systems advanced $US1.76 to $US36.31, each having been raised to ""overweight"" by Lehman."
A secretary for James Eisenbrandt, Wittig's attorney, said Eisenbrandt was reviewing the report this morning.
"To the caller who claimed to have found a mini-cassette from the space shuttle Columbia: NASA is extremely interested in talking to you, ""no-questions-asked""."
Gregory Parseghian, a former investment banker, was appointed chief executive.
The new name will be Terrorism Information Awareness.
In Al-Fallujah, two grenades were thrown Thursday at soldiers from the 3rd Armored Cavalry Regiment, wounding seven, none seriously.
Last week, India and Pakistan said they would hold their first diplomatic talks in two years.
The work appears in the Oct.
22/29 issue of the Journal of the American Medical Association.
In his female disguise, he used the name Dorothy Ciner, a childhood friend, and rented an apartment in Galveston.
Pataki praised Abraham's decision, and LIPA Chairman Richard Kessel said the cable should be kept in operation permanently.
At the same time, the number of injuries dropped, from 3.03 million in 2001 to 2.92 million in 2002.
"Don Asper called the attack ""bothersome,"" before he and his wife contacted the firm's Web site provider to replace the vandalized page."
Ten, two mobile homes and numerous outbuildings were destroyed by the now-smoldering fire northwest of Boulder.
Judge Gerald W. Heaney, in dissent, said the authorities should have allowed the prisoner to be medicated without the consequence of execution.
Their difference was over whether the court should pay attention to legal opinions of other world courts, such as the European Court of Human Rights.
The MDC said that an opposition supporter, Tichaona Kaguru, died in hospital after being tortured and assaulted by the soldiers putting down the anti-Mugabe protests.
Quinn was assigned to the 3rd Armored Cavalry Regiment, based in Fort Carson, Colo.
The company said this impacted earnings by a penny a share.
The US chip market is expected to decline 2.1 percent this year, then grow 15.7 percent in 2004.
"Ms Lafferty's lawyer, Thomas Ezzell, told a Kentucky newspaper: ""My understanding of this is that there is a lower percentage of successful impregnations with frozen."
Troy faces life in prison without parole at his July 30 sentencing.
As part of a 2001 agreement to extradite them from Canada, prosecutors agreed not to seek the death penalty.
By late afternoon, the Dow Jones industrial average was up 12.81, or 0.1 percent, at 9,331.77, having gained 201 points Monday to its highest level since July 2002.
Indonesia's army has often been accused of human rights abuses during GAM's battle for independence, charges it has generally denied while accusing the separatists of committing rights violations.
"We remain hopeful that the city will agree to work with us and engage in good-faith discussions on this issue."""
Kerkowski and Fassett's bodies were unearthed at Selenski's Mount Olivet Road home on June 5.
Ending the picketing at Ralphs frees up about 18,000 union members.
The Pentagon says it's a technique that's been successful in predicting elections, even box-office receipts.
BA said the second quarter, which included unofficial industrial action at Heathrow, had been difficult.
Customers can use Release Candidate 1 of Exchange Server 2003--available Monday--as a stepping stone to the final release this summer.
The lawsuit was filed on Friday at the US District Court for the District of Columbia.
They fear the treatment would leave 12-year-old Parker Jensen sterile and stunt his growth.
Mr Sahel said police had identified the bodies of seven of the 14-strong cell believed to have carried out the five almost simultaneous attacks on Saturday.
The federal government is approving new pesticides without even knowing whether they pose a threat to children, Canada's environment watchdog warned yesterday.
Workers' taxable income then is reduced by that amount.
The US acknowledgment that it suspects that Mohammed killed Pearl was first reported in yesterday's editions of the Journal.
"""Americans don't cut and run, we have to see this misadventure through,"" she said."
"As far as I know, he wasnt like that, except for getting in a couple fights with his dad."""
Bremer will focus on the politics, Garner said, adding that he expects Bremer to arrive in Iraq by next week.
Twenty-four players broke par in the first round, the third highest figure in U.S. Open history.
Between 50 and 100 people die a year due to these allergies, and thousands more suffer severe reactions such as constricted breathing and dramatic swelling.
The newspaper Okaz reported that the six suspects arrested Sunday fled the raid in a car that broke down on the outskirts of Mecca.
"Mr. Dewhurst has called for a ""cooling period"" between special sessions, which could give the Democrats some time at home."
Making jokes about a mistake like that, that's not something good people do.
Muslim immigrants have used the networks - which rely on wire transfers, couriers and overnight mail - to send cash to their families overseas.
The company had revenue of $2.56 billion in the first quarter of 2002.
The no-shows were Sens. John Kerry of Massachusetts and Bob Graham of Florida.
Some Wall Street experts believe stocks have rallied too far, too quickly, given the muddled economic reports of recent weeks.
Nine seconds later, it broke the sound barrier and continued its steep powered ascent.
On Tuesday, a Florida appeals court again refused to block removal of the tube.
The results appear in Thursday’s issue of the journal Nature.
Anyone with information on Lopez can call O'Shea at 561-688-4068 or Crime Stoppers at 800-458-8477.
The reading for both August and July is the best seen since the survey began in August 1997.
"They describe themselves as ""lifelong non-smokers whose primary interest is an accurate determination of the health effects of tobacco""."
If convicted of the spying charges, he could face the death penalty.
Wind River also cut costs, reducing first-quarter operating expenses by 28 percent to $47.1 million.
"""But at no stage did ONA receive intelligence material indicating that Jemaah Islamiyah was planning to mount an operation in Bali."""
The movie opened over the weekend in the number one spot and the companion game has been on sale since late last month.
"""Today we are trying to pull the pig away from the trough,"" Mr. Harrigan said."
Franklin County Municipal Court Judge Janet Grubb approved dismissal of the charges.
Sun filed the suit after the government's successful antitrust suit against Microsoft.
"""I'm quite positive about it except I wouldn't want it to cut across anything now occurring and she accepts that,"" he said."
But Odette is the first to form over the Caribbean Sea in December, the Center said.
In 1993, villagers presented the Methodist Church of Fiji with Baker's boots — which cannibals tried unsuccessfully to cook and eat.
"""Frank Quattrone is innocent,"" Keker said in a statement."
She was arraigned on three counts of second-degree murder and ordered held without bail in Sullivan County Jail.
Stout comes to Sprint from GE Capital, where he served as chief technology and information officer.
British Airways plans to retire its seven Concordes at the end of October.
This is an increase from the $22.5 million and 5 cents a share previously forecast.
Russian cosmonaut Malenchenko achieved a first earlier this month when he married his earth-bound fiancee by video link.
"He added: ""Let the process be put in place that will ensure a smooth transition from war to peace."
It also features a 4.5 in back-lit LCD screen and memory expansion facilities.
The benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR lost 11/32 in price, taking its yield to 3.21 percent from 3.17 percent late on Monday.
Mr Blair and the Foreign Secretary, Jack Straw, have denied Ms Short's claims that Britain has reneged on plans to involve the UN in the reconstruction of Iraq.
Named after the msblast.exe file that contains the program, the MSBlast Internet worm infected more than 300,000 computers since Monday.
Investigators worked through the Christmas holiday to prevent a potential outbreak of the deadly disease and to calm public fears about the food supply, Harrison said.
Frank Partnoy, a securities law professor at the University of San Diego, said the case suggested that Merrill's oversight and control of its executives were inadequate.
The FBI, CIA, Canadian Security Intelligence Service and Royal Canadian Mounted Police declined to comment on the Washington Times report.
Defense lawyers had requested a change of venue for two reasons: They argued that massive pretrial publicity had tainted the jury pool against their client.
He also reaffirmed his wish to resolve the North Korean nuclear crisis peacefully.
"""Spending taxpayer dollars to create terrorism betting parlors is as wasteful as it is repugnant,"" Wyden and Dorgan said Monday in a letter to the Pentagon."
The differences between Grassley and Thomas on energy and Medicare have become so pointed that other members say their angry personal relationship is embarrassing the party.
Last week, his lawyers asked Warner to grant clemency under certain conditions that would have lead to a new sentencing hearing.
The flaw involves the Remote Procedure Call (RPC) protocol, which deals with inter-computer communications.
The fire spread to several surrounding structures on the property and destroyed them as deputies held back firefighters.
Since March 11, when the market's major indices were at their lowest levels since hitting multi-year lows in October, the tech-laden Nasdaq has climbed nearly 20 per cent.
"""NASA's organizational culture and structure had as much to do with this accident as the (loose) foam."""
Davey graduated Saturday from Northwest College, which is affiliated with the Assemblies of God, with a bachelor of arts degree in religion and philosophy.
In December, he anticipated growth of 5.3 percent to nearly $154 billion.
At 11:30 a.m., Edmund Hillary of New Zealand and Tenzing Norgay Sherpa of Nepal reached the summit.
Shadrin said Khodorkovsky's aircraft was approached by officers identifying themselves as members of the FSB intelligence service, the domestic successor to the Soviet KGB.
"In her autobiography, ""Find Me,"" O'Donnell wrote, ""I was an abused kid."
But authorities have been unable to stop the tragedies, which they blame on overcrowding, poor vessel construction and lax enforcement of safety rules.
OS ANGELES - ''The Hulk'' was a monster at the box office in its debut weekend, taking in a June opening record of $62.6 million.
Green wrote, The documents show that in one two-month period, Bennett wired more than $1.4 million to cover losses.
Shares of Microsoft rose 50 cents Friday to close at $28.34 a share on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
"McBride characterized Novell's move as ""a desperate measure to curry favor with the Linux community."""
In Canada's capital of Ottawa, police reported two deaths possibly linked to the power outage — a pedestrian hit by a car and a fire victim.
Revenue rose to $616.5 million from $610.6 million a year earlier.
It said today’s results showed that programme and other measures were helping to offset a continued deterioration in revenues.
Cabrera was called up to help in left field because Todd Hollandsworth has not been productive.
Based on a separate survey of households, the unemployment rate fell in August to 6.1 percent from 6.2 percent.
"China's foreign ministry said: ""We hope all parties will continue to make efforts and continue the process of dialogue."""
Fighting has continued sporadically in the west, where it is complicated by the presence of battle-hardened Liberians on both sides.
An evaluation suggested there was no overall net clinical benefit in patients receiving the drug in the study, the companies said in a statement distributed by Business Wire.
The company has reached agreement on the terms for buying the paper division of the Dutch office supplies group Buhrmann, the largest paper distributor in Europe.
"And if we don't do this, innocent people on the ground are going to die, too."""
The Justice Department and the Federal Communications Commission have the final say.
Mr McKinlay said that CIBA was involved in the importation of qat, a narcotic substance legal in Britain but banned in the US.
"""It's never fun to be No. 4, especially if you've been No. 1 before,'' said Williams. """
Californias rate was 6.4 percent, down from a revised 6.7 percent in August and also down from the 6.7 percent posted in September 2002.
Malvo, 18, will go on trial Nov.
10 for the fatal shooting of FBI analyst Linda Franklin outside a Home Depot store in Falls Church, Va.
"""I stand 100 percent by it, and I think our intelligence services gave us the correct information at the time."""
"Respondents who rated current business conditions as ""bad"" increased to 30.4% from 28.1% in June."
Gov. Bob Riley proposed the budget cuts after Alabama voters rejected his $1.2 billion tax plan Sept.
9.
Iraq's economy was ravaged during years of U.N. sanctions over ex-president Saddam Hussein's 1990 occupation of Kuwait and by the U.S.-led war to oust him which ended in April.
The AFL-CIO announced Wednesday that it will decide in October whether to endorse a candidate before the primaries.
"The 2000 Democratic platform supported ""the full inclusion of gay and lesbian families in the life of the nation."""
GALLOWAY TOWNSHIP, N.J. >> Annika Sorenstam and Michelle Wie drew the crowds, but Angela Stanford took her first LPGA victory.
Through 2040, Indiana's population is expected to increase by about 19 percent, to more than 7.2 million people.
He will be paid $395,000 per year, up from Atkinson's current salary of $361,400.
Still, he noted Miami must decide whether to seek ACC membership for the next school year by June 30 to adhere to Big East guidelines.
"""There is no conscious policy on the part of the United States to move the dollar at all,"" Snow said."
Identical wording was introduced in the Senate last week by three Republicans, Wayne Allard (Colo.), Jeff Sessions (Ala.) and Sam Brownback (Kan.).
Perkins will travel to Lawrence today and meet with Kansas Chancellor Robert Hemenway.
The Federal Trade Commission (FTC) asked Congress today for additional authority to fight unwanted Internet spam, which now accounts for up to half of all e-mail traffic.
The man, Fazul Abdullah Mohammed, a Comoros islander, is on the U.S. FBI's list of most wanted suspects.
The euro was at 126.38/43 yen little changed from its late U.S. level of 126.35 yen but down sharply from around 127.60 yen the same time on Tuesday.
"""It ends tonight,"" a grim Keanu Reeves announces, in the trailer for The Matrix Revolutions."
Congo's many-sided war began in 1998 when Uganda and Rwanda invaded to back rebels fighting to topple the government in Kinshasa.
The Schaumburg, Ill.-based company had scheduled its earnings report to be released on Tuesday after the close of trading.
An international warrant for his arrest was issued both to the Ghanaian authorities and to Interpol.
Against the Canadian dollar, the greenback was trading nearly flat at C$1.3252 after the Bank of Canada kept key interest rates unchanged.
The Yankees wasted no time breaking through against Zambrano (4-4) in the rematch.
Worldwide, Les Misérables has been seen by over 50 million people, with a total gross of over $2 billion.
His wife Yekaterina Dmitriyeva, whom he married in a first ever space wedding by a space phone during his daunting mission, was waiting for him in Moscow.
In their study, researchers tested the hearing of 479 men between 20 and 64 years old who were exposed to noise in their jobs.
"Cuomo's lawyer, Harriet Newman Cohen, said in a statement that he ""was betrayed and saddened by his wife's conduct during their marriage."""
The number of households acquiring music fell from a high of 14.5 million in April to 12.7 million in May and 10.4 million in June, according to NPD.
"After all, China isn't racing anyoneso there's no great rush,"" Clark said."
In early afternoon trading, the Dow Jones industrial average was down 18.42, or 0.2 percent, at 8,569.94.
The American Express Corp. has pledged at least $3 million of more than $5 million needed.
Peregrine sold its Remedy business unit to BMC Software in November for $355 million.
"""I'm delighted that David Chase has decided to give us another chapter in the great Sopranos saga,"" said HBO Chairman Chris Albrecht in a statement."
Sovereign, based in Philadelphia, expects to close the acquisition in the first quarter of 2004.
Further out the curve, the benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR shed 26/32 in price, taking its yield to 3.27 percent from 3.17 percent.
The organizers of the University Games were hoping North Korea's participation would help boost inter-Korean reconciliation in the leadup to a crucial summit in Beijing this week.
"But Merrill Lynch analyst Steven Milunovich said the ""somewhat ambiguous ruling"" by regulators might be a setback for Static Control depending on how it developed its competing product."
Meanwhile, rival contender, General Electric's NBC, submitted a letter of interest, a source familiar with the matter said.
"Board Chairman Henny de Ruiter offered shareholders at the meeting his ""sincere apologies"" for events at Foodservice and elsewhere in the embattled group."
Cargo carriers World Airways Inc. and North American Airlines Inc. have also applied for permission to fly to Baghdad, Mosley said.
The Bush administration cited that intelligence as primary justification for invading Iraq.
Only 66 years old, Brooks was killed on Monday, Aug.
11, 2003 in an automobile accident in his native Minnesota.
"""This is very serious,"" said Dr. Julie Gerberding, director of the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention."
Her son would get upset, his mom said, but then turn around and befriend his taunters.
Wal-Mart has said it plans to open at least 40 Supercenters in the state in the coming years; analysts expect four or more to be in San Diego County.
"There are more surprises than you can possibly imagine,"" Davis said after appearing with former U.S. president Bill Clinton at a school dedication."
A discouraging outlook from GE sent the company's shares down 81 cents (U.S.) or 2.7 per cent to $29.32.
Many women complain that they become more forgetful around the time of menopause, and some doctors believe that hormonal changes are the reason.
But it now has 600 fewer stores - about 1,500 in all - and a $2 billion loan to compete against bigger merchants.
"Enter Miami Police Chief John Timoney, an avowed enemy of activist ""punks"" who repeatedly classified FTAA opponents as ""outsiders coming in to terrorize and vandalize our city."""
Magistrates searched Tanzi's home near Parma on Wednesday and tried to question him the same day, only to find he had left Italy for an undisclosed foreign country.
The staged scene, covering several acres, featured smashed cars and buses, ruined buildings, scattered debris and spot fires.
At least 40 of the outlets will be in California, and analysts expect four or more to be in San Diego County.
The Commission has publicly said one of its goals is to ensure other producers' server software can connect to desktop computers running Windows as easily as Microsoft's can.
Federal offices were to remain closed for a second day overnight (Friday US time).
Shares of LendingTree soared $5.99, or 40.1 percent, to $20.68 in afternoon trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
The giant rock was first observed on August 24 by Lincoln Near-Earth Asteroid Research Program, based in Socorro, New Mexico.
Progress Software Corp. is acquiring DataDirect Technologies Ltd., a privately held supplier of data-access software, for approximately $88 million, the companies said Friday.
The Russell 2000 index, which tracks smaller company stocks, fell 1.40, or 0.3 percent, to 408.83.
"""They did not ... provide the security that we had requested,"" Jordan said in a CBS interview."
"""The lives of American warfighters can be placed at direct risk through illegal transfer of military components,"" said Defense Department Inspector General Joseph Schmitz."
Chera Larkins, 32, of Manhattan, charged with three sham marriages, is also charged with perjury and filing a false instrument.
The charges would mark the latest effort to crack down on a form of trading that takes advantage of delays in the ways funds are priced.
A slit the size of one created in the test would let in a stream of gas three times hotter than a blowtorch.
"Mr Alibek said: ""Our outcomes are very encouraging."
Another body was pulled from the water on Thursday and two seen floating down the river could not be retrieved due to the strong currents, local reporters said.
On Thursday, a Washington Post article argued that a 50 basis point cut from the Fed was more likely, contrary to the Wall Street Journal's line.
"""This deal makes good sense for both companies,"" said Brian L. Halla, National's chairman, president and CEO."
Police official S.K. Tonapi told Reuters at least 40 people had been killed and more than 100 wounded.
Based on having at least one of these symptoms, most students were hung over between three and 11 times in the past year.
Agrawal said her research neither suggests nor indicates PCOS causes lesbianism, only that PCOS is more prevalent in lesbian women.
But if their circulatory systems are not properly separated, it could kill them, doctors say.
Ridge said no real explosives or harmful devices will be used in the exercise.
It stems from a Modesto police report.
That was more than double the $102 million, or 13 cents a share, for the year-earlier quarter.
LBANY, Aug.
8 Joseph L. Bruno, the State Senate majority leader, announced today that he had prostate cancer.
Investigators have meticulously looked into virtually every aspect of Campbell's personal and financial affairs, Campbell has acknowledged.
"Gainer said the two staff aides are ""very sorry this all happened,"" and the security personnel had performed ""well within standards."""
That was 4 cents higher than the expectations of analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call.
Ross Garber, Rowland's legal counsel, said the governor would have no comment on the condo deal.
The chief merchandising officer decides what the store is going to sell, giving it a signature to attract shoppers and hopefully lure them back.
About 1,417 schools statewide receive Title I money.
Lieberman and other psychiatrists noted that other studies of SSRIs in children also have failed to find large differences in effectiveness between the drugs and placebos.
Last year, Thompson ruled that the monument was an unconstitutional endorsement of religion by the state.
"He also said Shockey is ""living the dream life of a New York athlete."
He had served nine years in prison for the crime -- two on death row -- when he was released.
The group will be headed by John S. Wolf, an assistant secretary of state who has served in Australia, Vietnam, Greece and Pakistan.
Debra Mitchell, a member of the church, said Wilson had recently lost her job.
It was crashed by patients' rights advocates who squeezed into camera range, protesting the FMA's acceptance of major financial support from First Professionals Insurance.
Shares of Smithfield rose $1.64 yesterday to close at $20.85, a rise of 8.5 per cent, on the New York Stock Exchange.
His next play, Will Success Spoil Rock Hunter?, lasted more than a year on Broadway and was also filmed by Fox.
Symptoms of the E. coli infection include bloody diarrhea, nausea, vomiting and abdominal cramping.
"German prosecutors have ruled out any charges in Germany, meaning extradition ""could happen very soon,"" Ullrich said."
The House voted 425 to 2 to clear the bill, the first of 13 that Congress must pass each year to fund the federal government.
Squyres is principal investigator for the Athena payload - a collection of science instruments carted by each rover.
Hovan, a resident of Trumbull, Conn., had worked as a bus driver since 1967 and had no prior criminal record.
Monkeypox is usually found only in central and western Africa.
Hampton, 39, died in Beth Israel Hospital, Tipograph said.
That compares with earnings of $446 million, or 7 cents per share, on revenue of $6.3 billion in the same period a year ago.
"The NEA report, the ""Status of the American Public School Teacher,"" aims to help education groups shape their agendas."
United is working closely with the Air Transportation Stabilization Board to replace the aspects of its loan guarantee bid that were rejected as inadequate in December.
The Standard & Poor's 500 Index shed 5.20, or 0.6 percent, to 924.42 as of 9:33 a.m. in New York.
"""The threat to aircraft by terrorists using shoulder-fired missiles continues in Kenya, including Nairobi,"" it said."
Peterson told police he fished alone in San Francisco Bay on Christmas Eve, returning to an empty house.
"He adds: ""She started beating me with her hands about the head until I ran into the other room."""
Media moguls jostled for position as the deadline for bids for Vivendi Universal's U.S. entertainment empire neared on Monday in an auction of some of Hollywood's best-known assets.
Cox said state police would still help his office in the investigation, but Sturdivant would not be involved.
But this could happen with any document format that supports VBA, including Word, Excel or PowerPoint.
"Enter the Miami police chief, John Timoney, an avowed enemy of activist ""punks"", who classified FTAA opponents as ""outsiders coming in to terrorise and vandalise our city""."
"""We make no apologies for finding every legal way possible to protect the American public from further terrorist attack,"" Barbara Comstock said."
"""I think you'll see a lot of job growth in the next two years,"" he said, adding the growth could replace jobs lost."
The man, who entered the post office in Lakeside shortly before 3 p.m., gave up to deputies about 6:30 p.m.
"Sirius carries National Public Radio, although it doesn't include popular shows such as ""All Things Considered"" and ""Morning Edition."""
The acquisition has been approved by both companies' board of directors and is expected to close in the third quarter this year.
The awards are being announced today by the Albert and Mary Lasker Foundation.
The man had entered the post office on Woodside Avenue at Maine Avenue shortly before 3 p.m.
Dancing was the only physical activity associated with a lower risk of dementia.
Kelly said Rumsfeld, in a November interview, made the unsolicited suggestion that this year's honor go to all men and women who wear the U.S. uniform.
The sale represents about 52 per cent of the 115.9 million shares Mr Turner held at the end of April.
Microsoft in Europe could not be immediately reached for comment.
"""We need the somebody who notices them to come forward,"" he said at a news conference in which he introduced his successor, Brig. Gen. Mastin M. Robeson."
"The quarterlies usually stay in stores for between six to eight weeks,"" Carney added."
The currency briefly weakened on Monday morning but rebounded to trade at 55.25/29, little changed from Friday.
"Still, the ""somewhat ambiguous ruling"" might be a setback for Static Control depending on how it developed its competing product, Merrill Lynch analyst Steven Milunovich said."
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX gained 3 points, or 0.39 percent, at 924.
Staff writers Frank Trejo and Robert Ingrassia contributed to this report.
And, globally, the number of active probable cases has declined to 573.
State media said there were at least 770 dead and over 5,600 injured.
Sen. Patrick Leahy, the committee's senior Democrat, later said the problem is serious but called Hatch's idea too drastic a remedy to be considered.
But Gates dismissed the challenge coming from open-source programs, including those written for operating systems such as Linux.
"""The foodservice pie business does not fit our long-term growth strategy."
The interest rate on Series EE savings bonds for May through October is 2.66 percent.
In a show of corporate solidarity, Kroger Co., which owns Ralphs, and Albertson Inc. locked out their workers the next morning.
President Bush and top administration officials cited the threat from Iraq's banned weapons programs as the main justification for going to war.
"""Intel will use this advancement along with other innovations, such as strained silicon and tri-gate transistors, to extend transistor scaling and Moore's Law,"" he added."
The tech-laden Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC shed 8 points, or 0.45 percent, to 1,645.
While some other parts of Africa have been used as staging grounds for the terror group, Malawi previously had not been a major focus of investigations into al-Qaida.
Gehring waived extradition Monday during a hearing in Santa Clara County Superior Court in San Jose and was expected Tuesday in New Hampshire.
In all, more than 70,000 troops based in Southern California were deployed to Iraq.
A cul de sac with homes burned to the foundation was visible from above.
Lee, 33, told the newspaper that the girl had dragged the food, toys and other things into her mother's bedroom, where he found her.
On Tuesday, the S&P 500 rose to its highest since early December.
But the justices ruled that the police supervisor who repeatedly questioned Martinez did not violate his Fifth Amendment rights in doing so.
The number of reported rapes rose by 4 percent and the number of murders grew by 0.8 percent, the FBI said.
The findings were published in the July 1 issue of the Annals of Internal Medicine.
Symptoms include a stiff neck, fever, headache and sensitivity to light.
I never thought I'd say this, but I almost missed Vin Diesel at first.
On Monday, EchoStar (DISH: news, chart, profile) shares shrank $1.40, or 4.4 percent, to $30.63.
Oracle's $5 billion hostile bid for PeopleSoft is clearly not sitting well with PeopleSoft's executives.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX declined 10.65 points, or 1.07 percent, to 987.86.
On Monday, Lynch was awarded the Bronze Star, Purple Heart and Prisoner of War medals at Walter Reed Army Medical Center in Washington.
"""It seems clear the climate is changing,"" he said when asked to explain flooding that has ravaged this part of southeast France two years in succession."
But Amrozi did not reveal and was not asked the company's or his boss's name.
Supermarket chains are accusing union leaders of breaking off contract talks prematurely over the weekend as grocery clerks gear up for a possible strike.
Spot gold was quoted at $367.90/368.60 an ounce at 1000 GMT, having marched up to $369.50 -- a level not seen since February 10.
Among them are conversations between police, firefighters and other emergency workers, as well as media inquiries.
Kay was sent to Iraq this summer to coordinate efforts to find the weapons that U.S. intelligence reported before the war that Saddam Hussein had.
Bremer, 61, is a onetime assistant to former Secretaries of State William P. Rogers and Henry Kissinger and was ambassador-at-large for counterterrorism from 1986 to 1989.
The Democratic candidates also began announcing their fund-raising totals before Wednesday's deadline to file quarterly reports with the Federal Election Commission.
"Kenneth ""Supreme"" McGriff was sentenced to 37 months by U.S. District Judge J. Frederick Motz for illegally possessing a handgun as a convicted felon at a Maryland firing range."
On the stand Wednesday, she testified that she was referring to the kissing before the alleged rape.
The Memory Stick Pro Duo card will be theoretically able to transfer data at a rate of up to 20 megabytes per second under optimal conditions, according to Sony.
They note that after several weeks of rallies on upbeat earnings, investors are looking for stronger evidence of a recovery before sending stocks higher.
But under cross-examination by O'Donnell's attorney, Lorna Schofield, Toepfer conceded she had ignored many of O'Donnell's suggestions and projects.
The tour will stop in 103 cities before rallying in Washington on Oct.
1 and 2, and New York on Oct.
3 and 4.
Earlier, Captain Robert Ramsey of the First Armoured Division said a truck had exploded outside the buildings at around 11am.
They are located in Grande Cache, Alta., Carrot River, Sask., Chapleau, Ont., and Aberdeen, Wash.
But he added group performance would improve in the second half of the year and beyond.
Viacom's lawyers say Spike is a common name that does not necessarily prompt thoughts of Lee.
Born in 1953 in Baghdad, her father was Salih Magdi Ammash, a former Vice-President, Defence Minister and member of the Baath party leadership.
His comments diluted remarks reported in an interview on Tuesday saying the ECB had not exhausted its ammunition for rate cuts.
"The company added: ""IBM believes that the investigation arises from a separate investigation by the SEC of a customer of IBM's Retail Store Solutions unit."
Those talks have not taken place, according to an Oracle spokeswoman.
In New York, the Dow Jones industrial average a gauge of 30 blue chip stocks was up 3.29 points or 0.04 per cent to 8,585.97.
State police Lt. Timothy Doyle said Hackett and Rossignol did not know each other, and that Hackett had no connection to the college.
The petition alleges that Huletts unfair sales have damaged the U.S. industry, sending market prices below sustainable levels.
Schools that don't meet the testing goals for two years in a row must offer transfers.
His lawyer, a cousin, Basil Russin, did not attend the hearing and did not return phone messages.
"""I came to Washington basically to establish relationships and make sure we are getting more federal money,"" Schwarzenegger said after one meeting."
As of Tuesday, almost 250 health-care workers were in quarantine.
Malvo was brought into the courtroom for about two minutes Monday so a witness could identify him.
"""His plan is an insult to working parents throughout New York City."""
He was revived but was pronounced dead at Virginia Medical Center in Arlington.
"KEDO Spokesman, Roland Tricot said: ""The executive board decided to refer this question to capitals."
A judge ordered the child placed in state custody Aug.
8.
IG Farben's 500 properties were valued at around 38-million euros (about R300-million) and the firm had debts totalling about 28-million.
A lower court had considered Hamidi to be trespassing on the Santa Clara-based chipmaker's servers, just as if somebody were squatting on a piece of physical private property.
Mr Charlton was in the third aisle when a man in a brown suit raced past him with his hands in the air, armed with the stakes.
"The Dow Jones industrials briefly surpassed the 9,000 mark for the first time since December."""
It was defeated by 297 votes to 117, a Government majority of 180.
The stock remains 43 percent below levels prior to the February overstatement news.
While federal prosecutors refuse to discuss the investigation, lawyers and others familiar with it say it remains focused on Campbell.
NASIRIYA, Iraq—Iraqi doctors who treated former prisoner of war Jessica Lynch have angrily dismissed claims made in her biography that she was raped by her Iraqi captors.
"""Nobody wants to go to war with anybody about anything ... it's always very much a last resort thing and one to be avoided,"" Mr Howard told Sydney radio."
The charges came after the federal government imposed special administrative measures restricting the sheik's access to mail, the telephone and visitors and prohibiting him from speaking with the media.
In recent years, Mr. Hampton continued to run into trouble, facing charges of fare-beating and credit-card theft.
The worker's taxable income is reduced by that amount, saving money at tax time.
The movie opens this weekend and the companion game has been on sale since late last month.
The dispute has led Ukrainian president Leonid Kuchma to cut short a state visit to Latin America.
Graham, a presidential candidate, was criticized by several Republicans as ''politicizing'' the report.
"Mel Gibson is negotiating with Newmarket Films to distribute his embattled Biblical epic ""The Passion of Christ"" in the United States."
Both devices implement the v1.2 standard's eSCO facility to provide the basis for new cordless telephony applications.
Moseley and a senior aide delivered their summary assessments to about 300 American and allied military officers on Thursday.
Macugen dries up those blood vessels by blocking a protein in the body called vascular endothelial growth factor that promotes blood vessel growth.
Meanwhile, the global death toll approached 770 with more than 8,300 people sickened since the severe acute respiratory syndrome virus first appeared in southern China in November.
"London-based NCRI official Ali Safavi told Reuters: ""We condemn this raid, which is in our view illegal and morally and politically unjustifiable."""
The budget analysis comes as negotiations between the City Council and the Bloomberg administration heat up.
Police said they arrested a man on suspicion of burglary, which covers unauthorized entry.
Voters in Cleveland Heights, Ohio, were asked to decide whether to allow same-sex couples - and also unmarried heterosexual couples - to officially register as domestic partners.
Shares of BioReliance sold at $47.98 at the close of market yesterday, down 2 cents.
More than 100 officers launched the London raids in the final phase of a two-year operation investigating a cocaine and money laundering ring.
The document, headlined Information for Health Care Professionals, warns of potential panic attacks, psychosis and convulsions.
The Bombardier and Embraer aircraft will be delivered to U.S. Airways by September 2006.
Emmy and Golden Globe Award-winners James Brolin and Judy Davis star as Ronald and Nancy Reagan in The Reagans.
The euro soared to $1.1914 in Asian trading, before slipping back to $1.1884 in late European trading, up from $1.1857 late Monday.
Other countries and private creditors are owed at least $80 billion in addition.
Gagne struck out two in a perfect ninth inning for his 23rd save.
"In a statement, an SCO spokeman said, ""We view IBM's counterclaim filing today as an effort to distract attention from its flawed Linux business model."
Bad publicity surrounding warranties has already sent sales into decline.
Defenders of the partial birth abortion ban downplayed the legal challenges.
Roberts said on Fox News Sunday that said his committee was briefed about a week ago about the likelihood of an attack in Saudi Arabia.
On Thursday, a Post article argued that a 50 basis point cut from the Fed was more likely.
Pen Hadow, who became the first person to reach the geographic North Pole unsupported from Canada, has just over two days of rations left.
"Ximian brings Novell unparalleled expertise, strengthening our ability to work with [our] customers and leverage open source initiatives more constructively."""
Since then, police divers have searched nearby parts of Long Island Sound looking for the remaining three.
McArthur told internetnews.com price declines have moderated and remained below 30 percent from the previous year for the last two quarters.
Six Democrats are vying to succeed Jacques and have qualified for the Feb.
3 primary ballot.
The Foreign Office said Heaton was in Saudi detention but had not been charged, and that consul officials had visited him on Thursday.
The deep-sea adventure netted the top spot at the box office Sunday with an estimated $70.6 million US opening weekend.
Two additional passengers were taken to John Peter Smith and Harris Methodist hospitals, both with what was described as critical injuries.
A meeting of the clubs board of directors, chaired by president Florentino Perez, had decided against renewing the 52-year-olds contract as Real Madrid coach.
The losses occurred overnight in Willow Canyon, one of three areas in the Santa Catalina Mountains threatened by the 2-week-old fire that already had blackened 70,000 acres.
A discouraging outlook from General Electric Co. sent its share down 81 cents (U.S.) or 2.7 per cent to $29.32.
"""Yes, I do not wish to be present during this witness,"" Peterson, 31, calmly told the judge as he was returned to his cell."
General Motors Corp. posted the best-ever improvement in 2000 at 8.4 percent.
China, haunted by the spread of SARS in its vast countryside, has threatened to execute or jail for life anyone who intentionally spreads the killer virus.
"""This is an easy case in my view and wholly without merit, both factually and legally."""
Assani said Tuesday he did not know what to charge the men with because US officials refused to share information with him.
Under the Government Network Security Act of 2003, federal agencies would have six months to develop and implement P2P security plans.
Vivendi shares closed 1.9 percent at 15.80 euros in Paris after falling 3.6 percent on Monday.
According to law enforcement officials, the person arrested was a known sophisticated hacker.
Earlier this month, Mr. Bremer called off a visit, in a move that officials confided at the time was linked to uncertainty on the Kurdish situation.
Shares of Tampa-based Outback Steakhouse Inc. closed at $44.50, up $1.78, or 4.2 percent, on the New York Stock Exchange.
O'Brien's attorney, Jordan Green, declined to comment.
It will also unveil a version of its Windows Server 2003 operating system tuned specifically for storage devices.
Attorneys for both the archdiocese and the plaintiffs began meeting last week to reach the out-of-court settlement.
"""The recent turnaround in the stock market and an easing in unemployment claims should keep consumer expectations at current levels and may signal more favorable economic times ahead."""
"""It's a wonder that Porchia was the only deceased in this case,"" Sax added."
"""We're just dealing with bragging rights here, who wins and who loses."""
Sen. John Kerry, Massachusetts Democrat, came in second place for the quarter with $5.8 million.
"""It was going to involve others,"" federal prosecutor Kenneth Karas said at a Jan.
30 court hearing, without further elaboration."
He started in the 1983 Super Bowl, which Miami lost 27-17 to Washington.
But labor leaders say it is often hard for these people to join a union because many employers aggressively fight organizing efforts.
Now, with the agency's last three shuttles grounded in the wake of the Columbia disaster, that wait could be even longer.
"""New Yorkers didn't embrace these units like they could have,"" said Matthew Daus, chairman of the commission."
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index was up 5.64 points, or 0.34 percent, at 1,672.22.
Mr. Marshall pressed the practical case that quite similar rights legislation based on the 14th Amendment had been struck down by the Supreme Court in 1883.
Named in the complaint were former chief executive officers Paul A. Allaire and G. Richard Thoman and former CFO Barry D. Romeril.
Massachusetts is one of 12 states without the death penalty, having abolished it in 1984.
Those involved were allegedly told to never speak of the incident again, according to the letter.
By Sunday night, the fires had blackened 277,000 acres, hundreds of miles apart.
"Byrne says he got carried away with PowerPoint and just ""started making stuff."""
Kline's legal opinion differs from the interpretation issued by former Attorney General Bob Stephan in 1992.
Bush said he plans to meet with scientists and legal experts and will not decide the bill's fate for a few more weeks.
It said they all had criminal records for stealing cattle and Lamas was twice imprisoned for armed robbery.
The company is expected to unveil the console on Thursday at the Consumer Electronics Show (CES) in Las Vegas.
The FTC judge is set to render a decision on Dec.
18, which is viewed as the final chapter of a long-standing legal saga that's dragged on for years.
The decomposed remains of 17-year-old Max Guarino of Manhattan were found floating near City Island April 25.
The case had consolidated numerous class action suits filed against Rambus in 2001.
Goldman offered the shares for sale to institutional investors at $13.15 each, said the traders, who received calls from the securities firm's sales force.
"His Palestinian counterpart, Mahmoud Abbas, replied that ""every day without an agreement is an opportunity that was lost."
"""Ex-Im board members displayed courage and environmental leadership in the face of considerable pressure,"" Jon Sohn of Friends of the Earth said after the panel's vote."
Last week, his lawyers asked Gov. Mark R. Warner to grant clemency, but the governor declined to intervene.
She was taken to Charing Cross Hospital, where she remained critically ill last night.
Recall backers say they have collected 1,600,000 signatures, approaching twice the 897,158 needed to force an election.
Rep. Dan Gelber, D-Miami Beach, said the bill won't freeze rates as its supporters claim.
The board is investigating whether this compromised safety on the shuttle.
Microsoft's stock was up 50 cents, to $28.34 a share in New York yesterday.
The charges carry up to 25 years in prison and $1.25 million in fines.
A federal judge ruled that the monument violated the law and ordered it removed.
Wall Street moved tentatively higher Tuesday as investors weighed a trio of reports showing modest economic improvement against an urge to cash in profits from Monday's big rally.
China's Health Ministry said five more people had died of Sars and a further 159 were infected.
"It went on: ""I picked prostitutes as my victims because I hated most prostitutes and I did not want to pay them for sex."
McGill also detailed the hole that had been cut in the Caprice's trunk.
"But White House spokesman Ari Fleischer said yesterday: ""The steps the Iranians claim to have taken in terms of capturing al-Qa'ida are insufficient."""
A BMI between 18.5 and 24.9 is considered normal, over 25 is considered overweight and 30 or greater is defined as obese.
"A White House spokesman added that Iran had ""one last chance"" to comply with its disarmament obligations."
"""The death of Ghozi signals that terrorists will never get far in the Philippines,"" President Gloria Arroyo said."
Seattle Deputy Police Chief Clark Kimerer said the exercise here went well, with some aspects, including the communication system linking various agencies, working better than expected.
The new servers will run either Linux or the x86 version of Solaris, he said.
"""But unfortunately we find that attacks on Iraqis have increased."""
In a statement, Microsoft said the dividend is payable Nov.
7 to shareholders of record on Oct.
17.
The meeting was scheduled to end Wednesday night, with attendees approving resolutions that express the denomination's view on issues but that are not binding on churches.
A pro-independence radical, Miodrag Zivkovic, of the Liberal Alliance, came in second with 31 percent of the vote.
Under the proposed stock for stock transaction, LendingTree shareholders will get 0.6199 shares of USAI common stock for each share of LendingTree common stock.
The son of circus trapeze artists turned vaudevillians, O'Connor was born on Aug.
28, 1925, in Chicago and was carried onstage for applause when he was three days old.
A Global Crossing spokeswoman and a Pentagon spokesman declined to comment.
"In Uganda, the Rev Jackson Turyagyenda, an Anglican spokesman, said his church was ""very disappointed""."
The McLean, Virginia-based company said newspaper revenue increased 5 percent to $1.46 billion.
"Earlier, they had defied a police order and cried ""Allahu Akbar"" (God is Greatest) as Bashir walked to his seat in the tightly guarded courtroom."
"""What they have done is a thinly veiled attempt to do an end run around the Constitution,"" she said."
"But Hayes, of the CDC said, ""Many complicated interactions come into play that are often difficult to predict."""
Time magazine named the American soldier its Person of the Year for 2003.
If the company did not turn in the results before the end of May, it was likely to be delisted, an SFC official said.
The New Zealand Commerce Commission had given Westpac no indication whether it would have approved its deal.
As of yesterday, the total number of National Guard and Reserve troops called to duty worldwide stood at 154,603.
The agency has yet to fully formulate a strategy for the creation of an independent engineering technical authority.
Bremer, 61, is a former assistant to former Secretaries of State William P. Rogers and Henry Kissinger.
It has also said it would review all of its domestic employees more than 1 million to ensure they have legal status.
Bryant has said that hike had a greater effect on demand than officials expected.
The Stone's Four Flicks DVD, set to be released Nov.
11 from TGA Entertainment, is expected to be one of the holiday season's best sellers.
He said: “They were an inspirational couple, selfless and courageous.
Claire had advanced to the third round of the 76th annual Scripps Howard National Spelling Bee.
Chief Justice William Rehnquist and Justice Clarence Thomas were the two other dissenting judges.
The billing mix-up, for between $100,000 and $250,000, went unnoticed until after their legal defense fund paid out roughly $7 million in fees.
A senior law enforcement official, discussing the case on grounds of anonymity, identified the suspect as Ahmed Mehalba.
The women then had follow-up examinations after five, 12 and 24 years.
"""The movement to defend pensions is gaining momentum, and we won't give up,"" said Marc Blondel, leader of the Force Ouvriere union."
The OneNote note-taking tool is listed at £169.99 while the InfoPath XML (Extensible Markup Language) data gathering application is priced at £179.99.
"""The SEC believes that Lay has personal knowledge of several matters under investigation,"" the commission said in the suit."
The analyst, already let go by Merrill, can request a hearing before a NASD panel.
Wall Street regained a positive track yesterday after two of Saddam Hussein's sons were killed in a firefight in Iraq.
This week's tour will take Bush to Senegal, South Africa, Botswana, Uganda and Nigeria, and is aimed at softening his warrior image at home and abroad.
Another brother, Ali Imron, received a life sentence after he cooperated with the authorities and expressed remorse.
HP's shipments increased 48 percent year-over-year, compared to an increase of 31 percent for Dell.
Attorney John Barnett, who represents Morse, showed photos of a scratch on Morse's neck and the officer's bloody ear.
The number of extremely obese adults -- those who are at least 100 pounds overweight -- has quadrupled since the 1980s to about 4 million.
Intel's current Pentium 4 chips have 512K bytes of cache.
"The U.S. government and private technology experts warned Wednesday that hackers plan to attack thousands of Web sites Sunday in a loosely co-ordinated ""contest"" that could disrupt Internet traffic."
The value will total about $124 million, including convertible securities, according to Corel.
The Swedish central bank was also meeting on Wednesday and widely expected to announce a cut on Thursday.
"""I don't know whether the person I'm talking to now may end up being someone else,"" Parrish said."
"""Qualcomm has enjoyed many years of selling...against little or no competition,"" Hubach said in the statement."
Frank Partnoy, a securities-law professor at the University of San Diego School of Law, said the case suggests Merrill Lynch's oversight and control of its executives was inadequate.
"""We started our investigation of the child porn ring last year in August and soon realised that it was a big thing,"" Mr Beer told a packed press conference."
Nottingham found speech is treated unequally because the list applies to calls from businesses but not charities.
Families stuck on the highway remained in their cars, and used their cell phones to call home.
Another 29 cases were listed as suspected, and officials warned that 107 other people showing possible SARS symptoms were being monitored.
A representative for Phoenix-based U-Haul declined to comment on the case before the judge's opinion was released.
The Standard & Poor's 500 stock index ended the quarter up 120 points, a gain of 14 percent, the best performance for that broad market benchmark since 1998.
One month after Hurricane Claudette pounded Texas, hurricane warnings were posted Friday along parts of the coast as fast-moving Tropical Storm Erika churned across the gulf.
Nearly 6,000 MTA drivers and train operators joined the mechanics in the picket line.
"New York Supreme Court Justice Ira Gammerman said in his statement that the lawsuit was ""ill-conceived."""
"WHO spokeswoman Maria Cheng agreed, saying: ""It looks very much like an isolated event."""
"""This sale is part of our efforts to simplify our Foodservice Products business and improve its cost structure,"" Multifoods chairman and chief executive officer Gary Costley said."
On Tuesday, he picked up the endorsement of the United Steelworkers of America.
The nine largest airlines had $75.4 billion in revenue last year.
In morning trading, the Dow Jones industrial average was down 8.76, or 0.1 percent, at 9,310.20, having gained 201 points Monday.
OpForce 3.0 supports Solaris, IBM AIX, Red Hat Linux and Windows.
Negotiators said Friday they made good progress during their latest round of talks on creating a Central American Free Trade Agreement.
Also hurting was news General Motors GM.N was to issue $10 billion in debt, in part to plug a hole in its pension plan.
Mayor Mike Bloomberg weighs in former football star William 'The Refrigerator' Perry for the 88th annual Nathan's Famous Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest.
The official, describing the apprehension at Boston's Logan International Airport, identified the suspect as Ahmed Mehalba.
In addition, it offered the United States and Israel a way to work around Mr. Arafat.
Since both companies described the talks as exclusive, it's likely the two signed an agreement saying Dynegy wouldn't talk to other suitors for a certain period of time.
Prior to joining Eastman Kodak, Mr. Palumbo held senior marketing positions for Procter & Gamble.
"It was to fly a plane in the White House."""
Ottawa police reported 23 cases of looting, along with two deaths possibly attributed to the outage - a pedestrian hit by a car and a fire victim.
Asked if the delegates could leave on Friday, police intelligence chief in Aceh, Surya Dharma, told reporters they could not because they did not have proper permission.
Only Intel Corp.'s 0.3 percent yield was lower.
Sales at Ford fell 0.1 percent while sales at DaimlerChrysler rose 7 percent.
But authorities have been unable to stop the tragedies, which they blame on overcrowding, rickety vessels and lax safety standards.
No country now opposes plans for a long-term European Council president, replacing the current rotating presidency, as well as an EU foreign minister.
Prince William County prosecutors told a judge yesterday they now want the trial of sniper suspect John Allen Muhammad moved out of the area.
"""Unlike many early-stage Internet firms, Google is believed to be profitable."
Saddam's portrait was added to Iraq's currency after the Gulf War.
"""It's going to happen,"" said Jim Santangelo, president of the Teamsters Joint Council 42 in El Monte."
"""There are a range of risks which are being seriously examined by competent authorities,"" Mr Ruddock said."
BAT also said Antonio Monteiro de Castro, director for Latin America and the Caribbean, would become chief operating officer on January 1, 2004.
Horn remained in critical but stable condition Monday, the hospital said.
The company also argued that Lexmark was trying to squash competition by installing a microchip on its toner cartridges to make it difficult for third-party manufacturers to make generic cartridges.
Some 34.7 million shares have been tendered, Oracle said in a statement.
The Denver-based natural gas producer and marketer said the inaccurate reporting was discovered after it received a subpoena from the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission.
Also in the majority were Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justices John Paul Stevens, Sandra Day O'Connor, Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Stephen G. Breyer.
Memories also live on of the bloody debacle in Somalia 10 years ago -- the last major US military involvement in Africa.
With Claritin's decline, Schering-Plough's best-selling products are now antiviral drug ribavirin and an interferon medicine called Peg-Intron -- two drugs used together to treat hepatitis C.
Spitzer was among a group of federal and state regulators who negotiated a $1.4 billion settlement with 10 brokerages over analyst conflict-of-interest allegations.
Axelrod died in his sleep of heart failure, said his daughter, Nina Axelrod.
Appeals had kept him on death row longer than anyone else in the U.S., AP said.
The indictment ``strikes at one of the very top targets in the drug trafficking world,'' said U.S. Attorney Marcos Jimenez.
U.S. officials say Hussein loyalists do not require high-technology eavesdropping devices to gather substantial amounts of information on the activities of American officials.
Under state policy, DeVries was to be returned to San Jose, where he was last convicted.
It's also a strategic win for Overture, given that Knight Ridder had been using Google's advertising services.
"Reacting to Thompson's attack, Ed Skyler, a spokesman for Bloomberg, said the controller's statements, ""while noteworthy for their sensationalism, bear no relation to the facts."""
"Albuquerque Mayor Martin Chavez said investigators felt confident that with the arrests they had ""at least one of the fires resolved."""
"In his Jan.
28 State of the Union message, Bush said, ""The British government has learned that Saddam Hussein recently sought significant quantities of uranium from Africa."""
Graham said the surgery was not exactly the way to begin a campaign, but he is recovered.
Veritas will offer its File System, Volume Manager and Cluster Server software products on SUSE Enterprise Server in the first quarter next year.
"""Now I want to know whether or not the help that is available is being expedited and made available."
But the new study, from the Women's Health Initiative, said the opposite.
Merrill Lynch did not admit to wrongdoing in the accord.
An experimental drug can slow the loss of vision caused by an eye disease that is the leading cause of blindness among the elderly, researchers have found.
When a mechanic found 33 pounds of marijuana in a secret compartment, Rodriguez agreed they should notify police, who then arrested him.
He had served nine years in prison, including two on death row, when he was released by a judge and pardoned by the governor.
Parson faces one federal count of intentionally causing damage to a protected computer.
"""Apple is working with Oxford Semiconductor and affected drive manufacturers to resolve this issue, which resides in the Oxford 922 chipset,"" the company said in a statement."
Telemarketers argue that there is no logical link between the registry's limited scope and advancing that interest.
Already large swells and dangerous surf have arrived along the mid-Atlantic.
"The church's lawyer, Shirley Phelps-Roper, was clear: ""What they have done is a thinly veiled attempt to do an end run around the constitution,"" she said."
"We caught this ... and haven't sent it into the blood supply,"" said Dr. Dale Towns, CBS Calgary medical director."
De Sole said in the results statement that group performance would improve in the second half of the year and beyond.
Associated Press Writer Jay Reeves in Birmingham, Ala., contributed to this story.
The tech-loaded Nasdaq composite rose 20.96 points to 1595.91, ending at its highest level for 12 months.
"Vasile Ionescu, of the Roma Centre for public policies, said: ""The princess's marriage was not set up by force."
The FTC asked the court Wednesday to block the ruling and filed for an appeal.
In the interview, Janet Racicot said she heard the thud from the kitchen, where she was getting a glass of water early Saturday morning.
The blaze was only 5 percent contained early Monday.
Companies that fall under that definition are subject to much less stringent regulation.
The transaction will expand Callebaut's sales revenues from its consumer products business by around 45 percent to some one-third of total sales.
The Episcopal Diocese of Central Florida voted Saturday to repudiate a decision by the denomination's national convention to confirm a gay man as bishop.
But late yesterday, the campaign and the state Democratic Party said there would be no news conference.
"""Martha Stewart is being prosecuted not because of who she is but because of what she did,"" he said."
"""This is, I think, a very seminal moment in our agency's history,"" Mr O'Keefe said."
"I never wanted the matter to come to court and have been overwhelmed by the whole process and the media coverage that has surrounded it."""
Hermon-Taylor said an unexpected finding of the research showed that patients suffering from irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) may also be infected with MAP.
"The Bank of England ""requires growth from elsewhere in the economy and needs the economy to rebalance,"" he told the Press Association news agency."
The girl turned up late Sunday night at an East Palo Alto convenience store about 30 miles from her home.
"Schools Chancellor Joel Klein said the push for higher standards and accountability ""is showing results."""
Just before dawn Tuesday, searchers found the body of Melissa Rogers, 33, of Liberty, Mo.
Young said he was disappointed the government didn't see the SARS crisis as worthy of federal disaster relief money.
Tail wagging, Abbey trotted on stage with Conway before a crowd of more than 10,000 attendees at PeopleSoft's annual customer conference at the Anaheim Convention Center.
"""Approximately 60 percent of all national advertisers do not yet advertise in Spanish."""
Egypt, Mongolia, the Seychelles, Tunisia and at least three other governments have signed unpublicized agreements.
On average the students suffered at least one of the 13 symptoms between three and 11 times in the last year.
Wall Street analysts expect 2004 revenue of $28.15 billion.
"Kinsley, for example, wrote in the Post Monday: ""Sinners have long cherished the fantasy that William Bennett, the virtue magnate, might be among our number."
West Nile Virus -- which is spread through infected mosquitoes -- is potentially fatal.
BaFin and the head of the principal finance group, Robin Saunders, were not immediately available to comment.
Shares in Berkeley-based Xoma lost 77 cents, or 14 percent, to close at $4.72 each in trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
New chief executive Mark McInnes has already said that capping costs would be the number one priority for David Jones as part of the review process.
Johnson and four other protesters, ages 69 to 86, were arrested for blocking the roadway.
State Rep. Ron Wilson, D-Houston, joined committee Republicans in voting for the map.
Auditors acknowledged the auditors did not look at priests' personnel files.
"The answer, the group said, would be to ""create a format that can be used by all devices but can accommodate other formats."""
"""Close co-operation between law-enforcement agencies and intelligence services lie at the heart of the ongoing fight against terrorism,"" Mr Howard said."
Until now, sales of the entertainment-oriented PCs have been limited to the United States, Canada and Korea.
However, applications will have to be rewritten to take advantage of such capabilities.
Against the dollar, the euro rose as high as $1.1535 -- a fresh four-year high -- in morning trade before standing at $1.1518/23 at 0215 GMT.
By 2040, the county's population is expected to be 985,066, compared to the 2000 population of 860,454.
"Drewes and his friend were pulling a mischievous, late-night game of ""ding-dong-ditch"" knocking on doors or ringing doorbells and running in the Woodbury neighborhood in suburban Boca Raton."
The tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was off 0.11 percent, or 1.78 points, at 1,594.13.
"Whether or not we get to the two-thirds, we're going to have the lion's share of union support."""
The samples would be used to find genes involved in diseases with particularly high rates among blacks like hypertension and diabetes.
Microsoft acquired Virtual PC when it bought the assets of Connectix earlier this year.
The truck carried the equivalent of 1.6 tons of TNT, emergency ministry official Ruslan Khadzhiyev said.
Some of the company's software developers will join Microsoft, but details haven't been finalized, said Mike Nash, corporate vice president of Microsoft's security business unit.
"""The Republicans went into a closet, met with themselves, and announced a 'compromise.'"""
"However, the standards body warns that changes to Internet Explorer may affect a ""large number"" of existing Web sites."
Most economists had been expecting a far more dire report, with many expecting to see the fifth month of job losses in six months in September.
Common side effects include nasal congestion, runny nose, sore throat and cough, the FDA said.
The legal ruling follows three days of intense speculation Hewlett-Packard Co. may be bidding for the company.
Subway and bus fares rose 33 percent, from $1.50 to $2, on May 4, while average 25 percent increases took effect May 1 on suburban trains.
Jackson's visit came after a relatively peaceful night in Benton Harbor, which sits in southwestern Michigan about 100 miles northeast of Chicago.
Twenty-seven people were believed to have been spending Christmas Day with the caretaker of Saint Sophia Camp, a Greek Orthodox facility, when the mudslide roared through.
Lawtey is not the first faith-based program in Florida's prison system.
After protesters rushed the stage and twice cut power to the microphone, Hedges drew the speech to an early close.
Dogs, he said, are second only to humans in the thoroughness of medical understanding and research.
Sources who knew of the bidding said last week that cable TV company Comcast Corp. was also looking at VUE.
MessageLabs, which runs outsourced e-mail servers for 700,000 customers around the world, said it had filtered out 27,000 infected e-mails in 115 countries as of Thursday morning.
Mills affected by Thursdays announcement are sawmills in Grande Cache, Alta., Carrot River, Sask., Chapleau, Ont., and Aberdeen, Wash.
Seniors would then have to pay 50 percent of their drug costs up to $3,450.
In his female disguise, the real estate heir used the name Dorothy Ciner, a childhood friend.
After that, it will take six to eight months more to refurbish the center, said Thomas Day, vice president of engineering for the Postal Service.
The pipeline exploded only a few hours after two U.S. soldiers from the 3rd Armored Cavalry were wounded when their Humvee vehicle detonated a land mine in the same area.
"""By its actions, the Bush administration threatens to give a bad name to a just war,"" the Connecticut Democrat told a Capitol Hill news conference."
If it's a Bill Gates Comdex keynote, it must be time for new Tablet PCs.
The Bishop of Armidale, Peter Brain, was forthright.
"Less than a month after departing her anchor's chair at ""Dateline NBC,"" Jane Pauley has signed a new deal with NBC to host a syndicated daytime talk show."
Macromedia is piloting this product activation system in Contribute to test whether to roll it out to other products.
The final price will be the lower of a 5 per cent discount to the average trading price over the period or $5.50, the institutional placement price.
The letter indicates the Vatican's interest in bolstering conservatives within the Episcopal Church.
"""We're in a highly competitive industry where few apparel brands own and operate manufacturing facilities in North America,"" said Phil Marineau, the chief executive."
United Nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan suggested on Monday that the United States should lead a multinational force to stop fighting between government forces and rebels in Liberia.
Revenue jumped 26 percent to $817 million, the South San Francisco-based company said in a statement.
The move to rein in losses at its four boutique outlets comes as the retailer seeks to cap the cost of doing business.
Both were taken to Boston Medical Center.
The village last said sorry in 1993, when it presented the Methodist Church of Fiji with Baker's boots - which cannibals had tried unsuccessfully to cook and eat.
Trans fat accounts for 2.5 percent of Americans' daily calories, compared to 11 percent to 12 percent for saturated fat.
The nine states are Alaska, Arizona, California, Colorado, Hawaii, Maine, Nevada, Oregon and Washington.
A demolitions expert for JI, al-Ghozi was arrested in Manila in January 2002.
Another soldier died and three were wounded when their vehicle hit a land mine or a piece of unexploded ordnance in Baghdad, a military statement said Tuesday.
The GAO found cable rates have increased 40 percent over the past five years, versus 12 percent inflation during the period.
Huweirini, who has worked closely with U.S. officials, was wounded in an attack Dec.
4, the U.S. officials said.
"Amrozi accused his brother, whom he called ""the witness"", of deliberately distorting his evidence."
The group expects to roll out the first products by the second half of 2004.
Other gainers included Lexmark, which rose $US3.95 to $US63.35, recouping some of the $US14.10 it lost Monday.
"""She loved them so much,"" added Blossom Medley, who also looked after Johnson's foster kids."
Nationally, the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention recorded 4,156 cases of West Nile, including 284 deaths.
Amazon.com shipped more than a million copies by Saturday afternoon, making Saturday the largest distribution day of a single item in e-commerce history.
The first product, StorageCentral, is entry-level storage resource management (SRM) software focused on file and quota management in Windows environments.
It was announced that Green will replace Park in the Dale Earnhardt Inc.
No. 1 Chevrolet, beginning with the Winston Open at Lowe's Motor Speedway next week.
Amazon and the New York attorney general's office have already settled with one of the alleged e-mail forgers.
Rapper C-Murder has been convicted of second-degree murder, a crime that carries an automatic life sentence, in the shooting death of a 16-year-old inside a Jefferson Parish nightclub.
Sentenced to 20 years to life, she was granted parole last month despite the opposition of relatives, friends and colleagues of the slain men.
By comparison, the proportion of people with a BMI of 50 or above increased by a factor of five — from about 1 in 2,000 to one in 400.
And he justified bombing Bali by saying that while it had caused material devastation, it was for the island's long-term moral good.
Dotson was arrested July 21 after calling 911, saying he needed help because he was hearing voices, authorities said.
"""The question that has to be penetrated is, how did 38 visits over 2 years not rescue these children from slow torture and starvation?"""
Sally Baldwin, from York, was killed instantly when a walkway collapsed and she fell into the machinery at Tiburtina station.
The poll shows Bill White supported by 53 percent of surveyed voters -- Orlando Sanchez by 35 percent.
Perry said he backs the Senate's efforts, including the fines, to force the Democrats to return.
Her putt for birdie was three feet short but she saved par without difficulty.
He was released on $3-million bail and immediately returned to Las Vegas, where he had been filming a video.
Elsewhere, European stocks were barely changed but within a few points of year highs.
But the plan was dropped because some of the terrorists were uncomfortable that schoolchildren would be their victims.
"Tom Kasmer, a 14-year-old from Belmont, N.C., got a word that sounded like ""zistee"" during yesterday's competition."
Additionally, the h2210’s cradle has room to charge a second battery.
The Johnson-Lewis fight was to be the main event of a boxing doubleheader at the Staples Center in Los Angeles.
The two are not related, but have referred to each other as father and son.
"Rosenthal is hereby sentenced to custody of the Federal Bureau of prisons for one day with credit for time served,"" Breyer said to tumultuous cheers in the courtroom."
During the fiscal second quarter, Cisco earned $991 million, or 14 cents a share, on sales of $4.7 billion.
Fifty-seven senators, including 24 Republicans, have signed the letter.
Although obesity can increase the risk of health problems, skeptics argue, so do smoking and high cholesterol.
Kelly will begin meetings with Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Alexander Losyukov in Washington on Monday.
Immunizing mice with pneumococcus means generating antibodies that the researchers believe lead to the protection from heart disease, he said.
It does not affect the current Windows Media Player 9.0 Series.
"Responding, Edward Skyler, a spokesman for the mayor, said later: ""The comptroller's statements, while noteworthy for their sensationalism, bear no relation to the facts."
The deal, approved by both companies' board of directors, is expected to be completed in the third quarter of Nvidia's fiscal third quarter.
Levin's attorney, Bo Hitchcock, declined to comment Friday.
The damaged area of the garage was not stable, with ``the real potential for a secondary collapse,'' McGreevey said.
Also Sunday, suspected rebels dynamited an oil pipeline in northeast Colombia.
Peterson's lawyer, Mark Geragos, of Los Angeles, has contested the DNA evidence, saying it is unreliable.
On Oct.
10, an 18-year-old freshman from Dayton, Ohio, climbed over the same 10th-floor ledge and plunged to his death.
The scientists, not surprisingly, wanted to pick the minds of the Buddhist scholars about how they meditate.
According to the GBI, Ms. Peeler and Mr. Jones were never legally married but had a common-law marriage.
The WWF also thinks a further 13,000 animals are being caught every year around the Straits of Gibraltar and in nearby areas.
Amnesty International has said that over the past 20 years it has collected information about 17,000 disappearances in Iraq but the actual figure may be much higher.
The first time was in 1999, when Bashir replaced the former leader of JI, Abdullah Sungkar, who had died.
Nextel Partners Inc.
NXTP.O , which provides wireless phone service, fell 59 cents, or 9.8 percent, to $5.41.
The court on Monday reversed the decision of that court, the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals.
"""The numbers are starting to change very, very quickly,"" Dr. Julie Gerberding, director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, said Thursday."
At 5 p.m.
EDT, Grace's center was near latitude 25.6 north, longitude 93.7 west or about 280 miles east-southeast of Corpus Christi.
The greenback rose steeply against the euro, yen and Swiss franc despite weaker-than-expected September U.S. retail sales figures.
Global HRT sales were worth $3.8bn (2.4bn) in 2001, according to Datamonitor, the London-based market research company.
Most times, wholesalers sold the questionable drugs to one of three huge national distributors that supply virtually all drugs in the country.
The A920 comes with a printer, scanner, and copier for $89.
The indictment supercedes a criminal complaint filed against Quattrone on April 23 with similar charges.
Those with a BMI of 50 or greater, sometimes called super obesity, increased by a factor of five, from one in 2,000 to one in 400.
Congress twice sent similar legislation to former President Bill Clinton, who vetoed it.
United is working closely with the ATSB to replace those aspects of the company's original loan guarantee bid that were rejected as inadequate in December.
An ad agency employee gave the copy to a friend, who passed the movie to Gonzalez, prosecutors said.
Other nations involved in the PSI include Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, Spain and Britain.
It will be distributed through major hardware store chains and local libraries and will be available on the EPA Web site: www.epa.gov.
Thursday, U.S. District Judge Florence-Marie Cooper will consider the second motion.
In Lytle Creek Canyon, a 4-foot-high mud flow crossed a road, trapping a car.
Although sex crimes Det.-Sgt.
Dave Perry is in command of the case, homicide Det.-Sgt.
Gerry Cashman appeared last night at the Finch Ave.-Hwy.
404 area home.
In Britain, temperatures threatened to top the 37.1 C (98.8 F) all-time high.
Lee Peterson testified that he reached his son on his cell phone and talked to him for a couple of minutes.
State unemployment last month stood at 6.4 percent, down from a revised 6.7 percent in August.
Greenspan's Federal Reserve, the U.S. central bank, decides interest rates in the world's largest economy.
After a tense stand-off, the battlewagon turned back.
Chief Justice William Rehnquist and Justices Antonin Scalia and Sandra Day O'Connor agreed with Thomas.
Cruz looked like a police sketch of the suspect and had injuries consistent with what police expected from the struggle he had with Jennette's mother, Chief William Lansdowne said.
Stewart said the ring was most likely a work in progress, and that weak links such as being tied to a single server will be eliminated over time.
The legislation would replace the current Texas law, which gives school districts the option of holding a period of silence and reciting the pledge.
ImClone Systems and Genentech led shares of biotechnology companies higher yesterday after studies showed the medicines they are developing helped cancer patients.
The market remains pinned in a narrow range after a powerful rally drove the broad Standard & Poor's 500 index .SPX up more than 20 percent since mid-March.
Patients' rights advocates crashed it by squeezing into camera range, protesting the FMA's acceptance of major financial support from First Professionals Insurance.
Treasury prices slouched lower on Friday as conflicting messages on the prospects of an aggressive cut in U.S. interest rates left some investors nursing losses and a grudge.
In court papers filed Tuesday, Lee asked for an injunction against Viacom's use of the name, saying he had never given his consent for it to be used.
Clinton did not mention that two Democratic senators, Charles Robb of Virginia and Wendell Ford of Kentucky, voted to shelve the McCain bill.
Myanmar's pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi will return home late Friday but will remain in detention after recovering from surgery at a Yangon hospital, her personal physician said.
At best, Davydenko's supporters were naively ignorant of tennis etiquette; at worst, they cheated - yet went without penality from umpire Lars Graf.
The findings appear in Wednesday's Journal of the American Medical Association.
Puretunes has also lost a distribution deal with the popular Grokster file-swapping software company.
All of those governments have said their support will not waver, though public sentiment is rising against it.
Police arrested on Friday the chief suspect in the murder of the top state official on the unruly French island of Corsica, Interior Minister Nicolas Sarkozy said.
Sylvan Shalom, the Israeli Foreign Minister, said there was a possibility that Mr Bush “will come to this area”.
"On Jan.
12, 1996, two of his nude models were arrested atop of a Manhattan snowdrift, posed beneath an ice-cream parlor sign that advertised ""Frozen Fantasies."""
Mr. Dewhurst has suggested a cooling-off period, which could give the senators time to go home.
He was listed last night in critical but stable condition at Kings County Hospital Center, police said.
Suu Kyi's National League for Democracy won a landslide election in 1990 but has never been allowed to govern.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index added 12.64 points, or 1.28 percent, to 997.48.
The name for the robot, due to be launched at 2:05 p.m., was selected from among 10,000 names submitted by U.S. school children.
Even into his 90s, Lacy worked to change the game of baseball.
Major fires had burned 264,000 acres by early last night.
Carter, who received the Nobel Peace Prize last year, met in Tokyo yesterday with Japan's prime minister, Junichiro Koizumi.
The updated 64-bit operating system, Windows XP 64-Bit Edition for 64-Bit Extended Systems, will run natively on AMD Athlon 64 processor-powered desktops and AMD Opteron processor-powered workstations.
"""I have the opportunity to congratulate the governor-elect of the great state of California, and I'm looking forward to it."""
Enstrom and Kabat focused their work on 35,561 people who had never smoked but had spouses who did.
"""It's a new beginning as far as the courts, Crown Prosecution Service and police are concerned, making the criminal justice system work better."""
The outbreak was particularly intense in Colorado, where more than 6,300 people have been infected and at least six have died in the past month.
"""We've got quality players,"" said Pirates manager Lloyd McClendon."
He was the Ace of Diamonds in a pack of cards depicting Iraqi fugitives that has been issued to U.S. troops.
"""We think this planet formed with its star, 12.713 billion years ago when the (Milky Way) galaxy was very young, just in the process of forming."""
It also predicted that a 7.0 per cent rise to $204.9bn in 2006, topping the industry's yearly sales record set in 2000.
French Foreign Minister Dominique de Villepin was scheduled to arrive Sharm el-Sheikh on Wednesday.
And Sen. Michael Crapo, R-Idaho, chairman of the subcommittee that first will take up the nomination, is a longtime friend of Kempthorne's.
"""Our party will never be the choice of the NRA - and I am not looking to be the candidate of the NRA,"" he said."
The company reported quarterly revenue of $388.1 million, compared with $318.5 million in the same period a year ago.
"""Our outcomes are very encouraging,"" George Mason researcher Ken Alibek said."
The agreement resolves a lawsuit AOL filed against Microsoft in January 2002 on behalf of its subsidiary, Netscape Communications.
A group of investors wants to start a TV network aimed at the estimated 8 million Muslims living in the United States.
On Friday, the U.S. Department of Labour reported that the U.S. economy shed another 48,000 jobs in April, while the jobless rate jumped to 6 per cent.
The Hartford shares rose $2.88, or 6.6 percent, to close Monday at $46.50 on the New York Stock Exchange.
"Dewhurst's proposal calls for an abrupt end to the controversial ""Robin Hood"" plan for school finance."
The service is deploying Cisco's BTS 10200 Softswitch cable modem termination system and MGXR 8850 voice gateway products.
Excluding one-time items, it expects profit of 11 cents to 15 cents a share.
In other markets, U.S. Treasuries started off on Monday weaker, as stocks rose early.
St. Paul Chairman and Chief Executive Jay S. Fishman, 51, will be CEO of the combined company.
The most recent was in 1998, when Dr Barnett Slepian was killed in his home in Amherst, New York.
Prosecutors said PW Marketing violated the state's 1998 anti-spam law by sending unsolicited e-mail without a toll-free number for recipients to call to stop additional mailings.
The agent, Bassem Youssef, filed the lawsuit on Friday in Federal District Court for the District of Columbia.
Currently, the state's congressional delegation is made up of 17 Democrats and 15 Republicans.
After their arrests, sources said the men admitted they were smuggled into Washington state from Canada in July.
Jordan Green, O'Brien's private attorney, said he had no comment.
"""As long as we don't march on Tehran, I think we are going to be in pretty good shape,"" he said."
Each hull produced by the yards will cost about $1.4 billion, and the completed submarines will cost about $2.2 billion each, Young said.
Taiwan had been relatively free of the viral infection until a severe outbreak at a Taipei hospital in late April.
The presiding bishop of the Episcopal Church, Frank T. Griswold III, declined, through a spokesman, to comment on the development Saturday.
If Lee is indicted, prosecutors will seek the death penalty.
That wasn't all: by 2010, Mr. O'Neill said, he hoped Hyundai would sell 1 million vehicles annually in the United States.
Operating revenues rose to $1.45 billion from $1.38 billion last year.
Al-Amoudi was arrested at Dulles International Airport after arriving on a British Airways flight from London.
Tennessee Titans quarterback Steve McNair was arrested Thursday and charged with drunken driving and possession of a handgun.
"""No one has anything to fear from being correctly identified but everything to fear from their identity being stolen or misused,"" Mr Blunkett said."
"""The court and the public need to know more of the defendants' seemingly massive fraud,"" he said."
At 12 months there was still a difference in function, although it was not a significant one.
Charles O. Prince, 53, was named as Mr. Weill's successor.
"""There is the real potential for a secondary collapse,"" Gov. James McGreevey said."
Dynes has been at UC San Diego since 1991 after spending 22 years with AT&T Bell Labs, where he worked on superconductors and other materials.
Spain, Poland, United Arab Emirates and Lithuania have advised their citizens not to travel to Taiwan for any reason.
The delegation leaves Chicago today, then will take another week to ready the remains for reburial.
Of 24 million phoned-in votes, 50.28 percent were for Studdard, putting him 130,000 votes ahead of Aiken.
The plane was estimated to be within 100 pounds of its maximum takeoff weight.
Also as part of the deal, PalmSource stock will begin trading on the NASDAQ stock market Wednesday under the ticker symbol: PSRC.
Iran has yet to sign an additional protocol to the NPT treaty which would allow U.N. inspections at short notice.
Stock futures were mixed in early Thursday trading, but trading below fair value, pointing to a lower open for the major market indexes.
The airline said a similar discovery was made on the plane in Houston.
In its quarter ended May 30, Adobe earned $64.25 million, or 27 cents a share.
"Americans just want to be liked, she said, but there also is a ""huge cost"" when world opinion is negative toward the United States."
Shinseki retires Wednesday after a 38-year career that included combat in Vietnam and head of U.S. peacekeeping efforts in Bosnia.
"British ministers have been asked to explain why they gave undue prominence to the claim that Saddam Hussein could deploy chemical or biological weapons ""within 45 minutes""."
Ankara says all four suicide bombers were Turkish.
The missing workers, two men and a woman, were inside the building when the first blast occurred, Mayor Joe T. Parker said.
More than 60 percent of the company's 1,000 employees were killed in the attack.
Shares of Hartford rose $2.88 to $46.50 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading.
The Episcopal Diocese of Central Florida became one of the first in the nation Saturday to officially reject the national denomination's policies on homosexuality.
"""We are going to continue to hammer away at the negotiations process until we reach an agreement,"" he said."
"Manfred Bischoff, EADS co-chairman and also a member of the management board of DaimlerChrysler, said both EPI and Pratt & Whitney had presented ""excellent proposals."
McDonald's shares rose $1.83 to close Friday at $23.89 on the New York Stock Exchange.
Wells Fargo was not available for comment, and a Quicken Loans spokeswoman declined immediate comment.
The council includes 13 Shiites, five Kurds, five Sunnis, one Christian and one Turkoman.
The FBI later learned that two of the hijackers had lived near Awadallah in San Diego.
The benchmark 10-year Bund yield was down 5.2 basis points at 3.60 percent.
The subjects were next given a squirt up the nose of a rhinovirus, the nasty little germ that causes colds.
The anguish could be heard in the voices of Mr Forlong's television colleagues who would speak.
Pepper spray and four arrests marked a Monday evening march and rally by about 400 activists protesting an annual training seminar of the Law Enforcement Intelligence Unit.
"""We put a lot of effort and energy into improving our patching process, probably later than we should have and now we're just gaining incredible speed."
"I think we made the right case and did the right thing."""
The New York Democrat and former first lady has said she will not run for the White House in 2004, but has not ruled out a race in later years.
It will delay the retirement of Mr Wightwick, 62, who agreed to stay on until Buhrmann is bedded down inside PaperlinX.
They worry the treatment could leave their son sterile, blind or even dead.
The governor will present his budget proposals to the General Assembly in January.
Miodrag Zivkovic, of the Liberal Alliance of Montenegro, won 31 percent of the vote while the independent Dragan Hajdukovic got four percent.
China would become only the third nation to put a human in space.
Currently, about 37,000 U.S. troops are stationed in South Korea.
The earnings beat by a penny the consensus estimate of analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call.
At least 154 people, most of them opposition activists or officials, were arrested across the country Monday, police spokesman Wayne Bvudzijena said in a statement.
Obus also denied a defense motion to postpone the Sept.
29 trial date.
Avants, wearing a light brown jumpsuit, had tubes in his nose and a portable oxygen tank beside him.
But there is no mention of the economic recovery or the creation of wealth during his administration.
Complications from flu kill roughly 36,000 Americans in an average year, according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
State air regulators and three automakers have agreed to settle a lawsuit challenging the nation's toughest auto emissions program, according to a spokesman for California's air board.
Security lights have also been installed and police have swept the grounds for booby traps.
Police used pepper spray and rubber bullets to disperse a downtown march and rally last night by activists protesting an annual police intelligence-training seminar.
AFTRA members approved the merger by a vote of 75.88% to 24.12%.
"Companies are working with the FDA and academics ""to try and get some firm answers and not just speculation,"" Jarman said."
The rebels suspended peace talks with the government April 21 citing a lack of progress.
The announcement, which economists said was not a surprise, may be bittersweet for the millions of Americans without jobs.
In 2001, President Bush named Kathy Gregg to the Student Loan Marketing Association board of directors.
Quarterly profit climbed to $73.1 million, or 33 cents a share, from $20.8 million, or 10 cents, a year earlier, the company said.
The document warns of potential panic attacks, psychosis and convulsions in some cases.
"""If that ain't a Democrat, then I must be at the wrong meeting,"" he said to a standing ovation."
The European Commission is expected to issue its decision in the case next spring — unless a settlement is reached.
The drop in core wholesale prices in April reflected falling prices for cars, trucks, men's and boy's clothes and cigarettes.
DJs will pay homewares and furniture group Freedom $10 million to take over the Foodchain store leases.
A federal magistrate in Fort Lauderdale ordered him held without bail.
All three were studied for fingerprints, DNA and other traces of evidence, but prosecutors have not yet testified to what, if anything, they yielded.
Home Depot is expected to report earnings per share of 46 cents for the third quarter, according to Thomson First Call.
Mrs Clinton said her husband action's were morally wrong but did not constitute a public betrayal.
"He said yesterday that the film is ""meant to inspire, not offend."""
Last year, he was forced to repay $3,000 in bar tabs that he and his staff incurred while he was labour minister but had originally billed to taxpayers.
The tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was off 0.11 percent, or 1.78 points, at 1,594.13.
"""The accuser arrived at the hospital wearing yellow knit panties - with someone else's semen and sperm in them, not that of Mr. Bryant,"" Mackey hammered triumphantly."
The Department of Foreign Affairs yesterday updated its travel warning on Indonesia, recommending all non-essential travel be deferred because of concerns that more terrorist attacks were planned.
Pappas said he wouldn't hesitate about asking Graham to substitute.
Corixa shares rose 54 cents to $7.74 yesterday on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
The president began his speech by acknowledging the terrorist attacks in Saudi Arabia that killed at least 29 people, including seven Americans.
Police said they were checking a white articulated trailer truck found about 20 miles from the warehouse for forensic evidence.
Officials at Mortazavi's office and the judiciary declined to respond to Reuters' requests for comment on the accusations.
"He said: ""For the first time there is an easy and affordable way of making this treasure trove of BBC content available to all."""
Farmers say they have increased the numbers of dogs they keep for protection, although some packs are used to hunt depleted wildlife.
PDC will also almost certainly fan the flames of speculation about Longhorn's release.
After three months, Atkins dieters had lost an average of 14.7 pounds compared to 5.8 pounds in the conventional group.
"Mr. Bloomberg later told reporters that the agreement ""will be a compromise, like the real world requires."""
They found that 6.4 percent of men on finasteride had high-grade tumors, compared with 5.1 percent taking a placebo.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC fell 23.54 points, or 1.42 percent, to 1,630.08.
The Bank of England starts its two-day meeting on Wednesday, but was expected to leave British interest rates steady.
The SharePoint Portal Server application, which facilitates teamwork, retails for $5,619.
"""As is the case with all appointees, Commissioner Anson is accountable to me,"" Rowland said."
"Dr Blix said: ""I don't know exactly how they calculated this figure."
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX shed 0.17 of a point, or just 0.02 percent, to 934.
"""And the swagger of a president who says 'Bring 'em on' does not bring our troops peace or safety."""
"""Kahuku Ranch has world - class qualities - tremendous resources, tremendous beauty and tremendous value to global biodiversity."""
Sen. Charles Schumer (D-N.Y.), a supporter of Boxer's bill, sent a letter to President Bush on Wednesday demanding action on the legislation.
The SIA forecast that chip sales next year will rise 16.8 percent to $180.9 billion, followed by a 5.8 percent increase to $191.5 billion in 2005.
"We are cautiously optimistic regarding some improvement in sales and operating performance trends in the second half of 2003."""
The move follows a recent proposal by Mr Vajpayee, whoended an 18-month chill in relations by ordering normalisation of diplomatic links and restoration of air services with Pakistan.
Nearly all of Ford's second-quarter profit came from its Ford Credit finance arm, which earned $401 million, up 21.5 percent from a year earlier.
Instead he left the courtroom a free man after authorities dismissed criminal charges.
We need a certifiable pay as you go budget by mid-July or schools wont open in September, Strayhorn said.
The ELF has claimed responsibility for a slew of arson attacks against commercial entities that members say threaten or damage the environment.
Further out the curve, the benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR shed 25/32 in price, taking its yield to 3.26 percent from 3.17 percent.
Bloomberg said on Wednesday that all 16 crew members survived and would be tested for drugs and alcohol.
The consensus among Wall Street analysts was for a loss of 28 cents a share.
The updated products include Pylon Pro, Pylon Conduit, Pylon Anywhere, and Pylon Application Server.
Park rangers searched an abandoned lighthouse on Monomoy yesterday, but found no sign of them, said Stuart Smith, the Chatham harbormaster.
Aiken's study appears in the Sept.
24 issue of the Journal of the American Medical Association.
Kroger Co., which owns Ralphs, and Albertsons Inc. bargain jointly with Safeway and locked out their union workers the next day.
A big surge in consumer confidence has provided the only positive economic news in recent weeks.
Violence persisted, with a U.S. soldier killed early Saturday while guarding a bank in west Baghdad.
Microsoft says customers can install applications and software on their handset wirelessly or from a PC via USB connection.
For the week, the Russell 2000, the barometer of smaller company stocks, advanced 11.92, or 2.5 percent, closing at 497.42.
The large CGT union warned France of lengthy industrial action.
Dixon's win moved him into second place in the points standings, 49 behind Kanaan.
"The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 11.14, or 1.2 percent, to 931.41."""
"The gunman, 26-year-old Harold Kilpatrick jnr, had left a note saying he ""wanted to kill some people and die today""."
Today's barrage could have been a show of force as the military steps up security against threats of intensified attacks over the Christmas holiday by Baghdad's 14 identified guerrilla cells.
As he left the court, McCartney cast a long, angry glare at Amrozi, who tried to hide behind his lawyer.
Of personal vehicles, 57 percent are cars or station wagons, 21 percent vans or SUVs, 19 percent light trucks.
Four people were found shot to death along a highway Tuesday and four others were wounded in a dispute that apparently involved immigrant smugglers, officials said.
"""Whereas long lines used to catch 10 fish per 100 hooks, now they are lucky to catch one,"" Myers said."
The court's 1992 decision reaffirmed the basic findings of Roe protecting abortion choice but lessened the standards of protection guaranteed to women by Roe.
The migrants were first spotted by a Coast Guard jet around 2 p.m.
Tuesday and two small patrol boats were sent to the area, Doss said.
Vaccine makers have been thrust into the limelight as government programs to encourage wider vaccination and fears of biological attacks on civilian and military targets.
ELENA Slough, considered to be the oldest person in the US and the third oldest person in the world, has died.
Some say the exotic animal trade is second only to the drug trade.
Come tonight, 21-year-old Morgan and as many as 1,200 fellow students at Wheaton College will gather in the gym for the first real dance in the school's 143-year history.
Police said her two small children were alone there for up to two days as she lay dead.
AAA spokesman Jerry Cheske said prices might have affected some plans, but cheap hotel deals made up for it.
He ordered him sent to the Larned State Security Hospital for continued evaluation and treatment.
LendingTree shares rose 43 percent, or $6.31, to $21, more than doubling in the last two months.
He urged patience from Americans eager for the service, which is intended to block about 80 percent of telemarketing calls.
The woman was exposed to the SARS virus while in the hospital but was not a health-care worker, said Dr Colin D'Cunha, Ontario's commissioner of public health.
The amendment deals with the free exercise of religion versus the government establishment of a religion.
The University of Louisville also is auditing Shumaker's expenses while he was president there.
The valid signatures of 897,158 registered California voters must be collected and turned in to county election officials by Sept.
2.
Sixty-one people were killed and dozens wounded in outbreaks of violence across Afghanistan in the troubled country's bloodiest 24 hours in more than a year, officials said Wednesday.
"""That really affects the companies, big time,"" said Jim Santangelo, president of the Teamsters Joint Council 42 in El Monte."
The Legislature on Wednesday approved a bill that caps damages received by medical malpractice plaintiffs in the hopes it will lower insurance rates and help the state retain doctors.
"It's just that they never climb out of the beer again."""
Delmon was 5 when Dmitri was drafted with the fourth pick by St. Louis in 1991.
Arthur Benson, attorney for the case's plaintiff schoolchildren, said he will appeal.
Last month, 62 Spanish peacekeepers died when their plane crashed in Turkey as they were returning home.
Dotson, 21, was arrested and charged on July 21 after reportedly telling authorities he shot Dennehy after Dennehy tried to shoot him.
Progress Software plans to acquire privately held DataDirect Technologies for about $88 million in cash, the companies said Friday.
On Monday, one American soldier was killed and another was wounded when their convoy was ambushed in northern Iraq.
The man was trapped about 250 feet from the shore, right at the edge of the falls.
Foreigners board helicopters for evacuation from the European Union compound in Monrovia, Liberia, on Monday.
The Episcopal Church, with 2.3 million members, is the American branch of the worldwide Anglican Communion, which has 77 million adherents.
He said that with the U.S.-backed peace plan, or road map, “in a coma,” the attack could easily widen conflict through the region.
Market sentiment was also cautious after International Business Machines Inc.
IBM.N said that federal securities regulators had begun an investigating into its accounting.
The court today reversed the decision of that court, the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit.
"""We have put a lot of energy into patching, later than we should have,"" he said."
For the second year in a row, rises in hospital costs dominated the increase, accounting for 51 percent of the overall cost spiral.
Manuel and his group entered the US the same way thousands of people do every day, by walking across the bridge between Matamoros and Brownsville.
He said the way the situation was being handled was undermining efforts to win international cooperation in the war on terror.
Britain has said it will oppose articles calling for closer coordination of tax and economic policy, to uphold the national right of veto.
Prosecutors contended that Mr. Durst had plotted the murder to assume Mr. Black's identity.
It is also the first time in history that five films grossed more than $20 million each in one weekend.
She said her son followed his father and grandfather into the military.
The companies, however, declined to give specifics on customer turnover, saying they would release figures only when they report their overall company performance.
"""We are confident that the new leadership in Boston will be willing to take responsibility for the past actions of the archdiocese,' said Lincoln. """
"And it's going to be a wild ride,"" said Allan Hoffenblum, a Republican consultant."
"""We disagree with the judge's decision on notice for Engine Company 261,"" said a statement by Michael A. Cardozo, the city's corporation counsel."
Her detention brings to 19 the number of the 55 who have been caught.
Mr Hughes, who trains three hours a day to accelerate the healing process, has lost 17 kilos since October.
For the entire fiscal year, Micron lost a record $1.27 billion on sales of just under $3.1 billion.
The suit is to be filed against Secretary of State Kevin Shelley and election officials in Los Angeles, Orange and San Diego counties.
The Standard & Poor's 500 index advanced 5.37, or 0.5 percent, to 1,020.18.
"""Contrary to the court's decision, we firmly believe Congress gave the F.T.C. authority to implement the national do-not-call list,"" the congressmen said in a statement."
Most of their features were similar to those of early humans whose fossils have been found at sites in Africa, the Middle East, and later in Europe.
The New Democrats also renewed their commitment to no health-care privatization and no premiums.
Two kids from Michigan are in today's third round.
Sovereign said it expects the merger to close in the first quarter of 2004, subject to regulatory and First Essex shareholder approval.
The program, which downloads the pornographic material to the usurped computer only briefly to allow visitors to view it, is invisible to the computer's owner.
Sony said the PSP would also feature a 4.5-inch LCD screen, Memory Stick expansion slots.
Janet Racicot heard the thud from the kitchen, where she was getting a glass of water, she said in an interview Tuesday.
But Chauncey Billups demonstrated he's also capable of big games, scoring 77 points over the final two games against the Magic.
Police detained Khodorkovsky early on Saturday when his jet made a refueling stop in the Siberian city of Novosibirsk.
At this writing, the fate of Alabama Supreme Court Chief Justice Roy Moore hangs precariously in the hands of the states court of the judiciary.
The conference, sponsored by the U.S. Department of Agriculture, is focused on eliminating world hunger through genetically modified foods and other technologies.
"""It has outraged the membership,"" said Rian Wathen, organizing director of United Food and Commercial Workers Local 700."
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC lost 2 points, or 0.18 percent, to 1,649.
So far, eight states have laws legalizing marijuana for patients with physician recommendations: Alaska, California, Colorado, Hawaii, Maine, Nevada, Oregon and Washington.
"He characterized the hostile bid as ""atrociously bad behavior from a company with a history of atrociously bad behavior."""
The six-member jury cleared Scruggs of a second charge that accused her of failing to provide her son with proper medical and psychological care.
"""Germany is on the right path,"" Mr. Schrder said, specifying his government's announced structural reform plan, known as Agenda 2010, and cuts in taxes."
"Sharpton nearly jumped out of his chair, saying, ""That sounds more like Stonewall Jackson than Jesse Jackson."
The broader market also retreated, having climbed higher for four consecutive weeks.
"We need to challenge old habits and seriously rethink business-as-usual,"" he wrote."
Massachusetts is one of 12 states that does not have the death penalty, having abolished capital punishment in 1984.
The United States accuses Saddam loyalists of attacks on oilfields and pipelines crucial to Iraq's economic recovery.
Handspring's shareholders will receive 0.09 Palm shares (and no shares of PalmSource) for each share of Handspring common stock they own.
A navy official said divers scanned the river bed with metal detectors before rain drove them to shore.
Seven of the nine major Democratic presidential candidates were to address the forum last night.
A view of the devastation left behind when a man drove his car through a crowded farmers market in Santa Monica on Wednesday.
Both have aired videotapes of ex-president Saddam Hussein encouraging Iraqis to fight the U.S. occupation of Iraq.
Meanwhile, the main subject of oil market debate, Iraq, will not send a delegation, an issue that has rankled Iraqi officials.
She said she eventually allowed him to fix her bike while she sat in his car, and they chatted.
Several SUVs parked on residential streets in Monrovia were tagged with ``ELF'' and other slogans, said Sgt. Tom Wright.
Earlier Thursday, PeopleSoft formally rejected the unsolicited bid from Oracle.
"""It is highly conditional, faces significant regulatory delays and uncertainty, and threatens serious damage to our business."""
The bank also said its offer was subject to the agreement of Drax's senior banks, senior bond holders and hedging banks by 30 September 2003.
Pingeon said an attorney for his organization, Massachusetts Correctional Legal Services, interviewed Assan Tuesday.
Tom Hamilton said his daughter was conscious and alert and in stable condition after the attack Friday morning.
An hour later, an Israeli helicopter fired missiles at a car in Gaza City, killing two Hamas officials and at least five other people.
"The recent turnaround in the stock market and an easing in unemployment claims ""may signal more favorable economic times ahead,"" she said."
The unemployment rate inched up one-tenth of a percentage point from April's 6 percent to its highest since July 1994.
The House Republican leadership said it expected to call members back Dec.
8 for a vote on the omnibus bill.
Six countries have advised their citizens not to travel to Taiwan for any reason, the ministry said.
Sobig.F became one of the most widespread viruses ever, crippling corporate e-mail networks and filling home users' inboxes with a glut of messages.
Numan was the Baath Party's regional command chairman responsible for west Baghdad.
After a seven-day trial last year, Thompson found the monument to be an unconstitutional endorsement of religion by the state.
Worldwide, 7,183 SARS cases and 514 deaths have been reported in 30 countries.
It's one of several negotiating items where Canada appears to have caved in to U.S. demands and accepted less favourable terms.
We have now proven that these foods have an almost identical effect on lowering cholesterol as the original cholesterol-reducing drugs.
Bush also said he plans to meet with scientists and legal experts and will not make a determination on the bill for a few more weeks.
It now has 600 fewer stores -- about 1,500 in all -- and a $2 billion loan.
The prime minister is poised to take over the rotating presidency of the European Union on July 1.
On Tuesday, the central bank left interest rates steady, as expected, but also declared that overall risks were weighted toward weakness and warned of deflation risks.
The rest said they belonged to another party or had no affiliation.
Cambone said U.S forces found the tractor-trailer April 19 at a Kurdish checkpoint near the city of Mosul in northern Iraq.
Wal-Mart estimates more than 100 million Americans visit their stores every week.
U.S. Secretary of State Colin Powell on Friday designated Chechen rebel leader Shamil Basayev a threat to the security of the United States and to U.S. citizens.
In 1999, two years before his death, Mr. Nielsen told an interviewer that he thought the rock face would outlive him by many years.
Two more died later, and initial autopsy reports show they succumbed to dehydration, hypothermia and suffocation.
Several protesters were injured by a speeding police van that drove through the crowd.
Sirius recently began carrying National Public Radio, a deal pooh-poohed by XM because it doesn't include popular shows like All Things Considered and Morning Edition.
Only two of the bidders have so far expressed interest in buying all the assets -- Davis and Bronfman.
"""The FBI informed Easynews.com that an individual had used the Easynews.com UseNet server to upload the SoBig.F virus on Monday, August 18th."
The NLC advised motorists to stay at home and petrol stations to shut down during the strike.
The respected medical journal Lancet has called for a complete ban on tobacco in the United Kingdom.
The airline expects to save another $100-million a year through management layoffs and pay cuts.
The latter would offer preventive health coverage as well as protection against unexpected healthcare expenses, neither of which is currently available under Medicare.
National Breast Cancer Centre head Professor Christine Ewan said there was no need for panic.
"""I still don't think it is a trade secret,"" Bunner said yesterday."
"""Saddam is gone, but we want the (U.S.) occupation to end."""
The Baltic Sky is a 37-year-old ship registered to Alpha Shipping Inc. based in the Pacific Ocean nation of Marshall Islands.
The first products are likely to be dongles costing between US$100 and US$150 that will establish connections between consumer electronics devices and PCs.
The Jacksons remained in Camden County jail on $100,000 bail.
Many doctors say she is in a persistent vegetative state and cannot recover.
The artists say the plan will harm French culture and punish those who need help most--performers who have a hard time lining up work.
Woodley, who underwent a liver transplant in 1992, died of liver and kidney failure.
The woman, Mary Kathryn Miller, 55, was arrested by the state police on Nov.
20 and charged with first-degree larceny.
"""Once the legislation enters into force, it opens the way for police and other personnel to be deployed to Solomon Islands and to carry out law-enforcement functions."
"Spike Lee no longer believes that Viacom deliberately intended to trade on his name by calling its own venture ""Spike TV,"" according to a statement read in court Tuesday."
Detective Sergeant Bernie Magee said police were keeping an open mind on the disappearance.
The company's goal is to offer wireless service at several hundred restaurants by year's end.
"""The Domino application server will be around for the next decade,"" he said."
Chief financial officer Andy Bryant has said that hike had a greater affect volume than officials expected.
The Ministry of Defence said yesterday: “We can confirm that an investigation is being conducted into allegations surrounding a British officer who served in Iraq.
"""We are starting the epidemic with more cases and more areas affected than last year."
He claimed Red Hat and the Free Software Foundation with trying to undermine U.S. copyright and patent law.
"""We believe we are fully prepared to roll out the [touch-screen] machines for the 2004 presidential primary,"" said Gilles W. Burger, State Board of Elections chairman."
"At another point, Mr. Bush said: ""The choice was up to the dictator, and he chose poorly."
The disagreement over online music sales was disclosed in documents filed last week with the judge and made available by the court yesterday.
But Staff Sgt. Georg-Andreas Pogany's military career remains in limbo.
The unemployment rate in San Joaquin County dipped last month to 8.5 percent, down nearly a full percentage point from August.
Freeman said not having a driver license has been a burden.
Immediately after the small explosion, people portraying victims stumbled amid the wreckage as fire trucks and other emergency vehicles converged.
But she'll earn more than the $900000 (about R7.5-million) Kenny Perry got for winning.
The two other passengers were taken to John Peter Smith and Harris Methodist Fort Worth hospitals with critical injuries.
Dos Reis had earlier pleaded guilty to federal charges that he crossed state lines to have sex with Christina and one other girl in a separate incident.
Thousands of people in the South of England caught a glimpse of the lunar eclipse as they gazed up at the night sky early today.
Helicopters hovered over al-Khalidiya into the early hours of Sunday.
The dice are rolling at Borgata Hotel Casino & Spa.
The Sars illness, wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, and economic uncertainty in Europe and the US have depressed air travel.
There are 100,000 U.S. troops in Asia, most of them in South Korea and Japan.
"Nick Pollard, the head of Sky News said: ""This is a shocking blow for James's family."
Analysts have predicted third-quarter earnings of 16 cents a share and revenue of $7.15 billion, on average.
In several previous shipwrecks, the search for survivors had to be abandoned for similar reasons, leaving the vessels and most of their passengers unaccounted for.
PeopleSoft gained 94 cents, or 5.5 percent, to $18.09.
"""It's a huge black eye,"" Arthur Sulzberger, the newspaper's publisher, said of the scandal."
The victims drank tainted coffee after the April 27 worship service at Gustaf Adolph Lutheran Church in New Sweden.
"""The Hulk"" took in $62.6 million at the box office, a monster opening and a new June record."
The Episcopal Church, with 2.3 million members, is the U.S. branch of the 77 million-member Communion.
"This decision would ""throw a monkey wrench into the FCC's efforts to develop a vitally important national broadband policy,"" he said."
Florida Sen. Bob Graham was not identifiable by 61 percent of those polled.
PeopleSoft Inc.'s board of directors on Friday unanimously rejected Oracle Corp.'s revised bid of $19.50 per share.
The decision came a year after Whipple ended federal oversight of school busing as well as the district's racial balance, facilities and budget.
Loyalists are also believed to be behind attacks on oil pipelines and fields that are crucial to Iraq's economic recovery.
The victim, who was also not identified, was taken to Kings County Hospital in critical condition.
The findings are published in the November 6 edition of the journal Nature.
Tate was 12 when he was charged with beating Tiffany Eunick, 6, to death in July 1999.
For Kathy Nicolo (Jennifer Connelly), the house means stability and family.
The trial, featuring 125 witnesses, could continue until the start of 2004.
"""Mr. Florence died Thursday of heart failure,"" said the couple's lawyer, Maranda Fritz."
In the present case, Mr. Day said he hoped there would be another mediated out-of-court settlement, and he estimated that it could approach $30 million.
"""I'm disgusted, physically sick in the stomach,"" said Brent Newbury, president of the Rockland County Patrolmen's Benevolent Association."
Late last month Microsoft restricted access to its MSN Messenger network.
Just across a river, St. Joseph has trendy restaurants, boutiques, offices and a picturesque beachfront.
The notification was first reported Friday by MSNBC.
The pound also made progress against the dollar, reached fresh three-year highs at $1.6789.
Some women are also concerned that so many women are turning to cosmetic surgery in a quest for bodily perfection.
He said he did not think that the Shenzhou V launch had military applications, even though the space program is developing antisatellite weapons and robotic space weapons.
"The previous biggest R rated opening was ""Hannibal's"" $58 million."
There was no way the man could hear him, but he turned in the rescuers' direction, forlorn, hopeless.
Yesterday's ruling is a great first step toward better coverage for poor Maine residents, he said, but there is more to be done.
Some state lawmakers say they remain hopeful Bush will sign it, though they acknowledge pressure on the governor to do otherwise.
ICANN asked VeriSign to voluntarily suspend Site Finder while the Internet community studied the issues.
"""Although the preconditions for recovery remain in place, the prospect for external demand for UK output is weaker than previously expected."""
The computers were located in the United States, Canada, and South Korea.
It has no jurisdiction over his pay but does oversee the exchange's regulatory powers.
That state will not emerge until the interim government decides on a process for writing a new constitution and for holding the first democratic elections.
At least two dozen people were killed and scores injured.
Paul Themba Nyathi, an MDC spokesman, said the Avenues Clinic was being targeted because it was treating opposition supporters.
In September, a 27-year-old Singapore researcher contracted SARS while working in a laboratory.
Tornadoes continue to tear across the U.S. Midwest after ripping through six states, killing as many as 29 people, the Associated Press reported.
Albertson's and Kroger's Ralphs stores locked out their workers in response.
Taiwan ranked No. 3 in the world behind China and Hong Kong for SARS deaths and cases.
Kao, the fifth Taiwanese expert invited by the WHO to attend the conference, however, was absent from the delegation.
By law, 911 calls are not public information in Rhode Island.
Hormone replacement therapy that combines estrogen and progestin doubles a woman's risk of breast cancer, a British study of more than a million women has found.
Testing of the swimsuit at a state police lab and at a private lab in Virginia had not yet been able determine whether it belonged to Bish, Conte said.
The Nasdaq composite index fell 25.17, or 1.4 percent, to 1,792.07 following a loss of 26.46 the previous session.
Alcohol-related fatalities accounted for 41 percent of the total number of deaths.
A key portion of the accord was the implementation of a special council to monitor health spending, set goals for the system and measure progress in reforming health care.
The value of the deal has increased since BP first announced it in February.
"He added: ""Culturecom is confident it will make a significant impact on market share with this new development."""
The poll, conducted by KRC Communications Research of Newton, was taken Wednesday and Thursday.
Chi-Chi's has agreed to keep the restaurant closed until Jan.
2 - two months after it voluntarily closed following initial reports of the disease.
On the stand Wednesday, she said she was referring only to the kissing.
Werdegar also said Intel's servers weren't harmed by the computer messages and the thousands of recipients were able to request that the E-mails stop, which Hamidi honored.
Wal-Mart, Kohl's Corp. and Big Lots Inc. were among the merchants posting May sales below Wall Street's modest expectations.
The House barely had the necessary 100 members present for a quorum.
A number below 50 suggests contraction in the manufacturing sector, while a number above that indicates expansion.
Robert Liscouski, the Assistant Secretary of Homeland Security for Infrastructure Protection, will oversee NCSD.
Shares jumped almost 7 percent in pre-open trading, rising to $18.26 from $17.05 at Tuesday's close.
When a manager let him into the apartment, the youngster was lying in a baby's bathtub, covered with a towel and was watching a TV cartoon channel.
It cut taxes while still balancing the budget for three years and bringing down Europe's highest national debt as a proportion of gross domestic product after Italy.
The new link between Mohammed and Pearl was first reported in Tuesday's editions of The Wall Street Journal.
The company must either pay NTP the $53.7-million or post a bond with the court pending the appeal, Mr. Wallace said.
Memories also live on of a bloody debacle in Somalia a decade ago -- the last major U.S. military involvement in Africa.
The church was already grieving the death of Chief Warrant Officer 3 Kyran Kennedy, a congregation member who was killed in another helicopter crash in Iraq on Nov.
7.
President Bush raised a record-breaking $49.5 million for his re-election campaign over the last three months, with contributions from 262,000 Americans, the president's campaign chairman said Tuesday.
Spinal Concepts makes spinal fixation products used during spinal fusion surgery.
AN inquest into the car crash that killed Princess Diana will be held January 6, the royal family's coroner announced overnight.
Pat Anderson, the lawyer representing the Schindlers, declined to comment on the filing.
The Securities and Exchange Commission has also initiated an informal probe of Coke.
The dollar fell as low as $1.1624 per euro from $1.1486 on Friday, and traded at $1.1594 at 10:15 a.m. in London.
Muhammad's trial began Oct.
14 in nearby Virginia Beach.
"The latest arrests come as police continue to question a suspected ""potential suicide bomber"" detained in the south western town of Gloucester last Thursday."
The top speed of Ethernet could hit 40G bit/sec within the next two years, a senior Cisco executive said Wednesday.
Separate downloadable patches are available for the client and administrative versions of Office.
The union banned the import of genetically modified food in 1998 after many consumers feared health risks.
Muslim guerrillas attacked a town and took hostages Sunday as they withdrew from fighting that killed at least three people, the military and rebels said.
Dotson, 21, was subsequently charged with Dennehy's murder.
They also drafted a non-binding priorities list specifying that a quarter of it may be used to reduce planned 5 percent cuts in fees paid to health-care providers.
U.S. District Judge Florence-Marie Cooper is to consider the motions Thursday.
Tokyo Electric Power Co., Asia's largest power company, won approval to restart the first of 17 nuclear reactors it shut down after it admitted falsifying inspection reports.
Each of those counts carries a maximum penalty of five years in prison and a $250,000 fine plus restitution.
The Fed also said the risks to the economy were biased toward weakness.
Friday's report raised new worries that a weak job market could shackle the budding economic recovery despite a slight improvement in the overall unemployment rate.
Federal regulators have turned from sour to sweet on a proposed $2.8 billion merger of ice cream giants Nestle Holdings Inc. and Dreyer's Grand Ice Cream Inc.
President Bush on Monday accused Europe of aggravating hunger in Africa by closing its markets to genetically modified food.
Business groups and border cities have raised concerns that US-VISIT will mean longer waits to cross borders and will hurt commerce.
Three other police officers were among five people who were seriously injured.
News that the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries was lowering output starting in November exacerbated a stock sell-off already under way yesterday.
Net profit was $275m, or 23 cents per American Depositary Receipt, for the period ending March 31.
Analysts say Davis, who faces a historic recall election in October, could get a boost in the polls with a budget plan in place.
She was persuaded not to resign but she was expected to be the victim of a forthcoming ministerial reshuffle.
Kaichen's former landlord, Carol Halperin of Chappaqua, said Kaichen claimed to have volunteered at Ground Zero in the aftermath of the attack.
"But he also told the House Judiciary Committee the law ""has several weaknesses which terrorists could exploit, undermining our defenses."""
ISC and NASCAR officials declined to comment.
If Fortigel had been approved, Cellegy would have reached profitability by the second half of 2004, said Richard Juelis, chief financial officer.
DeVries, who was voluntarily castrated in August 2001, has said the surgery took away his ability to become sexually aroused.
"""Sebastian did his best to confess convincingly to a crime he didn't do in order to survive,"" Ms. Richardson declared."
Mall operators and retailers reported fewer shoppers camping out for early-bird specials on Saturday morning, although parking lots were beginning to fill at some East Coast shopping centers.
They also are reshaping the retail business relationship elsewhere, as companies take away ideas and practices that change how they do business in their own firms and with others.
HAINAN PROVINCE, China: Singapore Prime Minister Goh Chok Tong said China plays an important role in the integration of Asia.
The Emeryville-based toy company filed suit Friday in federal court in Wilmington, Del., claiming Fisher-Price is violating its 1998 patent on interactive learning books for toddlers and preschoolers.
Symbol's former chief accounting officer, Robert Korkuc, is expected to plead guilty in a federal court in Long Island later Thursday, according to reports.
Consumer groups oppose the changes, saying they would concentrate too many outlets in too few media empires.
Schneiderman said the price would reflect the agency's legitimate financial status as well as riders' concerns about having to pay 33 percent more at the turnstile in a recession.
The third appointment was to a new job, executive vice president and chief staff officer.
But in the end, all the worm did was visit a pornography site, said Vincent Weafer, a security director with Symantec Security Response in California.
Ernst & Young has denied any wrongdoing and plans to fight the allegations.
We can scatter them, we can cut off one head here and one tentacle there, but often the beast survives.
This comes at a time when Alba is expanding its aluminium output by 307,000 tonnes a year and is accelerating plans for another 307,000 tonnes-a-year increase.
On July 10, a team of 32 Singaporean police officers was sent to Baghdad.
The state wanted any insurer doing business there to turn over records of Holocaust-era insurance policies or risk losing their license to do business in the state.
He had also said an interest rate cut by the European Central Bank, which meets Thursday, would be welcome.
Suspected rebels also blew up an oil pipeline in north-east Colombia.
Mr. Powell told a crowd at a cemetery with a thousand headstones, many of them marking the graves of entire families.
Saul Dos Reis is scheduled to be sentenced in Danbury Superior Court for the death of Christina Long.
Then his body was dumped a few blocks away, found in a driveway on Argyle Road.
The new bill would have Medicare cover 95 percent of drug costs over $5,100.
"Mr Russell, 46, a coal miner from Brisbane, said: ""They are obviously hurting, so we are basically going over there to help them."""
Genentech Inc., the world's second-largest biotechnology company, and Xoma Ltd. said they will terminate Phase II testing of their Raptiva rheumatoid-arthritis drug after finding no benefit for patients.
The April 19, 1995, bombing of the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building came on the second anniversary of the fiery end of the Branch Davidian siege in Waco, Texas.
The picture changes a bit should Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton be the Democratic presidential candidate.
The pictures were taken late Tuesday and early Wednesday as the as the planet made its closest pass by Earth in 60,000 years.
"Goldman Sachs said: ""We believe this is the right decision for the company, for its employees and for its creditors."""
Also weighing on the market was news that General Motors GM.N planned to issue $10 billion in debt, in part to plug a hole in its pension plan.
By state law, 911 calls are not public information and were not released.
Others keep records sealed for as little as five years or as much as 30.
His hatred had germinated and cemented his belief that violence was the best panacea.
"""This puts telemarketers on notice that we will take all measures necessary to protect consumers who chose to be left alone in their homes."""
"In an editorial in the journal, two breast-cancer researchers said hormones' effect on the breast created a double-whammy that is ""almost unique"" in medicine."
Details of the research appear in the Nov.
5 issue of the Journal of the American Medical Association.
The moment of reckoning has arrived for this West African country founded by freed American slaves in the 19th century.
"""The SIA forecast reflects the new realities of the semiconductor industry of an 8-10 per cent'' growth rate"", said George Scalise, the association's president."
On Wednesday, Judge Pollack dismissed a similar class-action lawsuit filed by investors who lost money in Merrill's Global Technology fund.
President Bush and top officials in his administration cited the threat from Iraq's alleged chemical and biological weapons and nuclear weapons program as the main justification for going to war.
Today, we preserve essential tools to foster voice competition in the local market.
Investigations by the Air Force inspector general and the Defense Department also are under way.
In the latest violence, insurgents threw a bomb at a U.S. convoy in northern Baghdad, killing one soldier.
The official would not name the leakers for the record and said he had no indication that Mr Bush knew about the calls.
A landslide in central Chungchong province derailed a Seoul-bound train and 28 passengers were injured, television said.
Doctors had planned to deliver him two weeks early, on or around November 14.
Proposition 34, a campaign financing initiative that voters passed in 2000, limits fund raising and spending by gubernatorial candidates.
He was sentenced to five years in prison at at Kingston Crown Court yesterday after pleading guilty to the attempted abduction of a teenager.
"He cut his rating for XL shares to ""neutral"" from ""buy,"" and said the shares ""will not rebound quickly."""
Washington only agreed to let the U.N. mission into Iraq after repeated warnings by IAEA chief Mohamed ElBaradei.
One, Fort Carson-based Sgt. Ernest Bucklew, 33, was on his way home to attend his mother's funeral in Pennsylvania, relatives said.
Ninety-five percent of international cargo to the United States is carried by ship.
Under the program, US officials work with foreign port authorities to seek out high-risk cargo before it can reach the United States.
The venture owns five oil refineries and more than 2,100 filling stations in Russia and Ukraine.
"""This is a cloud hanging over their credibility, their word,"" said Hagel."
BusinessWeek Online has learned that the settlement could come as early as Monday, May 19.
She and her husband left behind two sons: Robert, who was six, and Michael, who was 10.
"""Our strong preference is to achieve a financial restructuring out of court, and we remain hopeful we can do so,"" chief executive Marce Fuller said."
"""Until this site was reported, the earliest site in the Bering land bridge area was dated at about 11,000 years ago."""
The attack seemed similar to attacks staged near foreign compounds in Riyadh on May 12, for which officials have also blamed al-Qaida.
Cadbury Schweppes has unveiled plans to slash 5,500 jobs and 20 percent of its factories over four years to cut costs brought about by an acquisition spree.
It has also been revealed that the boy’s family has launched two other abuse-related lawsuits in the past, winning a £90,000 settlement in one case.
While he is now spared that threat, his co-defendants in the same case are not protected.
I never blamed a victim, I never punished a victim,'' said Brig. Gen. Taco Gilbert, the school's former No. 2 officer.
The three grocery chains were relying on store managers and replacement workers to keep their stores open.
Both the S&P 500 and the Nasdaq indexes have scored three straight weeks of gains.
Analysts currently expect earnings of 13 cents a share and revenue of $6.7 billion, on average, according to a survey by Reuters Research.
The final price will be a 5 per cent discount to the volume-weighted average of trading between June 23 and July 11.
Massachusetts does not have a state death penalty, and only once before - in Michigan - has the federal death penalty been given in a state without capital punishment.
"United issued a statement saying it will ""work professionally and cooperatively with all its unions."""
"Farmland Foods President George Richter said, ""With Smithfield's support and leadership, Farmland Foods will succeed and continue to sustain the Midwestern communities which depend on it."""
Southwest exercised nine 2004 options and six 2005 options, which were accelerated for delivery next year.
We are piloting it there to see whether we roll it out to other products.
"Rather, the US acted because the administration saw ""existing evidence in a new light, through the prism of our experience on September 11""."
Oracle Corp's Chairman and CEO Larry Ellison didn't rule out sweetening the company's unsolicited offer to acquire rival PeopleSoft Inc.
Minister Saud al-Faisal visit was disclosed Monday by two administration officials who discussed it on condition of not being identified by name.
"That risk, described as minor, remains ""the predominant concern for the foreseeable future,"" the statement released after the Fed meeting said."
Although Mr Sorbello was taken to hospital for a check-up, he was later released.
The U.S. Supreme Court will hear arguments on Wednesday on whether companies can be sued under the Americans with Disabilities Act for refusing to rehire rehabilitated drug users.
While a month's supply of aspirin can cost under $10, the equivalent amount of ticlopidine can run well over $100.
"""For us, that doesn't make a difference - the sexual orientation,"" Archbishop Tutu said in the black urban centre of Soweto."
Sequent representatives could not immediately be reached for comment on the SCO announcement.
That client component, the Microsoft Windows Rights Management Client 1.0, is what Microsoft posted for free download Tuesday.
The seventh member of the cell, Habis Abdullah al Saoub, 37, a Jordanian, remains at large.
It is essential that the proceedings against accused terrorists be fair -- and appear to be so to outside observers, Sonnett said.
There is, however, no photo of Peter Hollingworth in the June issue examined by the Herald yesterday.
Carnival Corp. stock was trading at $31.29 during midday trading Wednesday, down 72 cents or 2.25 percent.
"""We are confident that this issue will be behind us by mid-year,"" said Nestle spokesman Francois Perroud, who declined to comment further."
"""The reasons behind the increase in incidence are more complex and we are only just beginning to understand the risk factors,"" he said."
The Vatican devised a mini-lift to allow the pope to get on and off helicopters.
The stock had risen 63 cents, or 3 percent, to close at $20.26 in regular-session Nasdaq trading.
"""Sanitation is poor, drinking water is generally left behind . . . there could be typhoid and cholera."""
Trans fats are created when hydrogen is added to vegetable oil, solidifying it and increasing the shelf life of certain products.
Further out the curve, the benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR shed 18/32 in price, taking its yield to 3.24 percent from 3.17 percent.
They weighed an average 100 kilograms and needed to lose between 14 and 36 kilograms.
Wal-Mart has told its top 100 suppliers that they'll need to have radio-frequency ID systems in place for tracking pallets of goods through the supply chain by Jan.
25, 2005.
"""I don't see the urgency of this, and I am not going to grant this request."""
Legislation making it harder for consumers to erase their debts in bankruptcy court won overwhelming House approval in March.
"The people who are sending these messages are infringing on my rights and everyone else's rights to use your computer,"" McKechnie said."
"They said they had concluded that the film failed ""to present a balanced portrayal"" of the Reagans."
Coupling, an American version of a hit British comedy, will couple with Friends on Thursdays.
The upgrade will be available as a free download for current customers with SmarNet support in January 2004.
The overall box office soared, with the top 12 movies grossing $157.1 million, up 52 percent from a year ago.
"""It seems to be following the sun,"" said Graham Cluley, senior technology consultant at antivirus vendor Sophos."
"""Admiral Black has provided spiritual guidance to thousands of service men and women during his 25 years of service,"" Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist said yesterday ."
Southwest said it recently exercised remaining options for the delivery of nine Boeing 737-700s next year.
Bond also voiced his disappointment that neither President Bush nor his brother attended this conference in Florida or last year's conference in Texas.
"""That ought to be the standard, not how many people actually signed up,"" Mr. Rule told the judge."
The attack came after several days of disturbance in the city in which U.S. soldiers exchanged fire with an unknown number of attackers as civilians protested the American presence.
Police and officials said about 200 people were rescued by fishing boats or managed to struggle to shore.
An amendment to remove such protections failed by a vote of 186 to 237.
In 2001, President Bush named Kathleen Gregg one of six appointees to the Student Loan Marketing Association, the largest US lender for students.
The benchmark S&P/TSX composite index rose 29.12 points yesterday to 7,633.61.
The girls and three of the cadets were cited for underage drinking.
He is suspected of being a key figure in Jemaah Islamiyah, the al-Qa'eda-linked terror group which has been blamed for the bombings.
There are no plans to build permanent U.S. bases in Africa, Defense Department officials say.
The dead cavalry have been honored for more than a century with a hilltop granite obelisk and white headstones.
In a regulatory filing, EDS said the SEC had asked for information related to its troubled IT outsourcing contract with the US Navy.
Shortness was found twice as often in those with hearing loss.
They said many had been beaten, and police officers also stormed private wards at the hospital and harassed patients.
Shares of Ahold rose 12 cents, or 2.3 percent, to 5.35 euros in Amsterdam.
On health care, the NDP says there will be no privatization and no health-care premiums.
Peterson, 27, was eight months pregnant when she disappeared in the days before Christmas.
Intel Corp. narrowed its fourth-quarter sales estimate to the top end of earlier estimates Thursday, anticipating that customers will buy more personal computers during the key holiday season.
Hundreds of soldiers were involved, an apparent signal to Hamas that Israel would not limit itself to air strikes in Gaza.
Washington is wary of involvement, given its commitments in Afghanistan and Iraq.
Right now, only six states do: Arkansas, Michigan, Minnesota, New Jersey, Virginia, and Wisconsin.
Freddie Mac shares were off $7.87, or 13.2 percent, at $52 in midday trading on the New York Stock Exchange.
Upscale department store chain Nordstrom Inc.
JWN.N jumped $1.49, or 9.4 percent, to $17.35.
That was the biggest drop since August 1993 and stemmed from falling prices for cars, trucks, men's and boys' clothes and cigarettes.
"When you crossed the line, you violated the constitutional right,"" said Charles Weisselberg, a UC Berkeley law professor."
Their ancestors are coming home at last -- the healing can finally begin,'' delegation leader Bob Weatherall told Reuters by telephone after the ceremony.
Adolescent specialist Dr. Michael Cohen, who worked on the study, said doctors had treated 8-year-old children with anorexia _ and that he had once treated a 4-year-old boy.
Both have aired videotapes apparently from deposed Iraqi President Saddam Hussein, encouraging Iraqis to fight the U.S. occupation.
After hours of negotiations, a SWAT team burst in early yesterday and found Hoffine dead.
The South Korean Agriculture and Forestry Ministry also said it would throw out or send back all Canadian beef currently in store.
Bond voiced disappointment that neither President Bush nor his brother attended the 2002 conference in Texas or the 2003 meeting in Florida.
Microsoft fell 5 percent before the open to $27.45 from Thursday's close of $28.91.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC rose 39.39 points, or 2.2 percent, to 1,826.33, after losing more than 2 percent on Tuesday.
He plans to visit an AIDS clinic in Uganda and meet with infected mothers in Nigeria.
In interviews with engineers, most of whom have not spoken publicly until now, the lines of discord between NASA's engineers and managers are evident.
Its capacitance sensing technology electronically reads a fingerprint; Sony says it can't be fooled by paper copies and doesn't require cleaning.
Microsoft has been awarded a patent on a popular instant-messaging feature that shows users when the person on the other end of the conversation is typing a message.
The state will consider the police memorial after planning a World Trade Center Memorial, said Micah Rasmussen, a spokesman for Gov. James E. McGreevey.
When ex-Mepham head coach Kevin McElroy walked into the court to testify, some of the victims' supporters turned their backs on him.
Tehran has said it will only sign the protocol if a ban on imports of peaceful Western nuclear technology is lifted.
Of those, 14 were passengers sitting within four seats of the SARS patient and two were flight attendants, Ryan said.
"""The proposed settlement is too expensive for the ratepayers,"" the governor said in a statement."
For the fourth quarter, Intel expects revenue between $8.1 billion and $8.7 billion.
The Fourth of July Parade begins at 10:30 a.m. on Redwood Road, above the Sequoia and Redwood intersection.
Port authorities in Romania said two ships that sank during World War II but resurfaced due to low water levels could block river traffic.
The news comes after Drax's American owner, AES Corp. AES.N , last week walked away from the plant after banks and bondholders refused to accept its restructuring offer.
The American Anglican Council, which represents Episcopalian conservatives, said it will seek authorization to create a separate group in North America.
The attorney representing al-Halabi, Air Force Maj. James Key III, denied the charges, according to The Associated Press.
Jim Eisenbrandt, Wittig's attorney, also was not available for comment immediately; his secretary said he was reviewing the report.
The lawsuit names Shelley, a Democrat, and registrars in Los Angeles, Orange and San Diego counties.
"""At that time I didn't agree, because the people who will be the victims are schoolchildren and security,"" he says."
"He urged Congress to ""send me the final bill as soon as possible so that I can sign it into law."""
Treasuries were dragged lower on Friday as shorter-dated debt was roiled by conflicting reports on the likelihood of an aggressive easing in U.S. interest rates.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX crept up 4.3 points, or 0.44 percent, to 980.52.
The third appointment was to a new job, executive vice president and chief staff officer.
Mr Kenny and the family's American lawyer, Michael Ratner, want access to Hicks before he faces a military tribunal.
The Nasdaq had a weekly gain of 17.27, or 1.2 percent, closing at 1,520.15 on Friday.
In November, Jeffrey Brabakow, the chief executive at the time, said the company used aggressive pricing to get higher payments for the sickest Medicare patients.
Webster Police Chief Gerald Pickering said the victims appeared to be customers of the bank.
SSE CEO Marchant said he would sell on Midlands' power generation assets in Turkey and Pakistan to fellow British utility International Power Plc IPR.L for 21 million pounds.
There will be no vote on the issue but those opposed to Robinson's appointment are thought to outnumber those who accept it by around 20 to 17.
Canadian officials will participate through a command post exercise.
"Called ""Taxpayers Against the Recall,"" it was to be launched Wednesday afternoon outside a Sacramento fire station."
Mr McDonnell wants to establish if the Italian business followed Grant Thornton's audit procedures.
Villalona put it more bluntly: ``He did a bad job going up there,'' he said.
They said some of the documents were administrative paper work and some about a failed and well-known uranium-enrichment program of the 1980s.
The shooting victim was taken to Kings County Hospital Center, where he later died, the police said.
"SCO's filings also assert that ""the GPL violates the U.S. Constitution, together with copyright, antitrust and export control laws."""
"""It was to fly a plane into the White House,"" Mr. Karas said."
Lloyds TSB yesterday confirmed that it had received bids for its National Bank of New Zealand operation.
Saddam loyalists have been blamed for sabotaging the nation's infrastructure, as well as frequent attacks on U.S. soldiers.
Gateway's all-in-one PC, the Profile 4, also now features the new Intel technology.
They also drafted a nonbinding priorities list specifying that one-quarter may be used to reduce planned cuts of 5 percent in fees paid to health care providers.
She said in 2003, not one U.S. state had an obesity rate below 15 percent.
The first vulnerability is a buffer overrun that results from IE's failure to properly determine an object type returned from a Web server.
In a Bush hypothetical matchup with a generic Democrat; the president prevailed 43 to 38 percent.
The report also claims that there will be up to 9.3 million visitors to hot spots this year, up again from the meagre 2.5 million in 2002.
It predicted that a 7.0 percent rise to $204.9 billion in 2006 would push the industry's yearly sales slightly past its highest-ever level in in 2000.
The news also comes in conjunction with Suns annual JavaOne developers conference in San Francisco.
The key vote Thursday was on a provision that temporarily eliminates the dividend tax.
"""For the first time, there is an easy and affordable way of making this treasure trove of BBC content available to all,"" Dyke said."
While dioxin levels in the environment were up last year, they have dropped by 75 percent since the 1970s, said Caswell.
The New Orders Index rose by 0.3 percentage points from 51.9 percent in May to 52.2 percent in June.
Many of the victims of Sunday's attack were headed out of Iraq for R&R or emergency leave.
The two men, whose names were not released, both were using Pakistani passports and were seen together at the airport earlier in the evening, police said.
Missouri health officials said he had not been hospitalized and is recovering.
Southwest said it had already inspected its fleet of 385 aircraft and found no additional suspicious items.
Japan's Finance Minister Masajuro Shiokawa said the yen had strengthened too much but declined to comment on whether Japan had intervened in the market to stem the yen's rise.
And tuition at two-year community colleges jumps $300, or 12 percent, to $2,800.
Mr. Carter, who won the Nobel Peace Prize last year, met here today with Japan's prime minister, Junichiro Koizumi.
Before the meeting, Putin said Russia regards Saudi Arabia as a key Muslim state.
"""It should have declared that it was sailing with a cargo that was like an atomic bomb,"" said Anomeritis."
In addition, primary care trusts (PCTs) were given star ratings for the first time this year.
Researchers predicted an additional 23 cases of dementia a year for every 10,000 women on the therapy.
Printer maker Lexmark International Inc. spurted $3.95 to $63.35, recouping some of the $14.10 it lost Monday.
"The report quotes extensively from internal e-mails, including one from a former CIBC executive who described the returns earned by the bank on its Enron deals as ""outrageous."""
Massachusetts Attorney General Tom Reilly said he was satisfied with the reimbursement.
"""It is reminiscent of the communication troubles that have dogged the ECB in the past,"" said Ken Wattret of BNP Paribas."
One is a statistical calculation based on the number of deaths from pneumonia and influenza in 122 cities.
"Mr Blair went on: ""I think we did the right thing in relation to Iraq."
He has established a group to revise the constitution, possibly to protect private property.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was off 5.53 points, or 0.33 percent, at 1,662.91.
Those who only had surgery lived an average of 46 months.
Jackson's visit followed a relatively peaceful night Thursday in Benton Harbor, about 100 miles northeast of Chicago.
Ratliff said he hopes to bring the two measures to the full Senate by Friday.
"Sen. Thurmond ""never acknowledged his daughter and fought for laws that kept his daughter segregated."
Jim Guest, president of Consumers Union, said the Supreme Court did not address the merits of the case.
"That's the highest third-quarter growth rate we've seen in over 25 years,"" CFO Andy Bryant told the Associated Press."
They believe the same is true in humans, giving a 30 per cent higher risk of the disease.
They fear the treatment would stunt the boy's growth and leave him sterile.
The U.S. Capitol was evacuated yesterday after authorities detected a possibly hazardous material in the basement of the Senate wing, Capitol Police said.
Retailers J.C. Penney Co.
Inc.
(JCP) and Walgreen Co.
(WAG) kick things off on Monday.
Russia had closed checkpoints on parts of the border with China and Mongolia until June 4, Itar-Tass news agency said.
If Shelley certifies enough are valid, the lieutenant governor must call an election within 60 to 80 days, setting the state into uncharted political waters.
"""We have declared war on sexual assault and sexual harassment,"" Rosa said."
The Bank of England starts a two-day policy meeting on Wednesday and is expected to leave British interest rates steady at 3.75 percent on Thursday.
"""We acted because we saw the existing evidence in a new light, through the prism of ...
Sept.
11th."""
The downtime is expected to take 60 million to 70 million board feet out of the companys system.
The traditional Mediterranean diet puts the emphasis on vegetables, legumes, fruits, nuts, cereals and olive oil.
Three retailers _ Dillard's Inc., Kohl's Department Stores and Nordstrom Inc. _ got Fs.
The city index outperformed the Dow Jones industrial average, which rose 2.9 percent during the four-day trading week.
Rock singer Ozzy Osbourne, recovering from a quad bike crash, is conscious and joking in his hospital bed, his daughter Kelly said tonight.
It said a civil complaint by the Securities and Exchange Commission is expected as well.
"""Your withdrawal from our country is inevitable, whether it happens today or tomorrow, and tomorrow will come soon."""
The fire has so far charred 11,400 acres on Mount Lemmon just north of Tucson, and more than 250 homes have been destroyed.
In hardest-hit Taipei, traffic has disappeared from once bustling streets, ubiquitous department stores stand mostly empty and restaurants are eerily quiet.
"Officials are trying to retrieve the bodies from the water,"" police officer J.D. Tambe told Reuters, adding 26 of the dead were women."
Meat giant Smithfield Foods Inc. has won a bidding war to buy a bankrupt Midwestern pork producer.
"One old woman, disconsolate with grief, smeared her face with dirt, only able to utter: ""My child, my child."""
"Elwin Hermanson and the Sask.
Party would put the future of our Crown corporations - and our economy - at risk."""
We are currently trying to understand the scope and details of the investigation. . . .
Derrick Todd Lee, 34, is shown in this photo released by the police in Baton Rouge, Monday.
France has a unique unemployment fund for artists that takes into account their downtime between shows.
Today, the Columbia Accident Investigation Board will issue its findings on what caused the accident.
H-P came in second with nearly $3.32 billion in sales and 26 percent of the market's revenue.
"""She started beating me with her hands about the head until I ran into the other room,"" Mr Gest says of one incident."
"""They will feel themselves to be deceived and they may well dismiss legitimate evidence of the risks of this and other drugs in the future."
Witnesses from Malaysia will testify Thursday in the treason trial of cleric Abu Bakar Bashir, said to be the leader of terrorist group Jemaah Islamiyah.
All three of the teens were charged with offenses including conspiracy to commit murder.
Palm Wednesday announced plans to acquire Handspring, a company started by Jeff Hawkins, regarded by many as the father of the Palm handheld.
The Infineon case began in August 2000, when Rambus accused Infineon of patent infringement and Infineon counter-sued Rambus for breach of contract and fraud.
"Palestinian Prime Minister Mahmoud Abbas denounced the helicopter strike as a ""criminal and terrorist"" Israeli attack."
Passenger Keith Charlton, who helped tackle the man, last night praised the efforts of the injured chief flight attendant, known to passengers as Greg.
Badat was arrested under section 41 of the Terrorism Act “on suspicion of involvement in the commission, preparation or instigation of acts of terrorism,” Scotland Yard confirmed.
Fatalities in rollover crashes accounted for 82 percent of the increase in 2002, NHTSA said.
"""We've become like total strangers,"" Klein quotes him as saying."
He was sent to Larned State Hospital, where he was evaluated and treated.
"In an appearance before a parliamentary committee on Tuesday, Mr. Blair suggested that only ""evidence of weapons programs"" rather than the weapons themselves would be uncovered."
Likewise, the 30-year bond slid 1-11/32 for a yield of 4.38 percent, up from 4.30 percent.
"""I have lots of bad dreams, I have flashbacks, I have lots of anger."
Five foreign embassies in Bangkok, including the Singapore embassy, were among those targeted.
The court then stayed that injunction, pending an appeal by the Canadian company.
Starting on Saturday, every computer infected with MSBlast is expected to start flooding Microsoft's Windows Update service with legitimate-looking connection requests.
If convicted under the new law, Zuccarini faces a maximum of four years in prison and a $250,000 fine.
Five alternate jurors also were selected, with a sixth alternate to be picked on Friday.
Dotson was arrested Monday in his native Maryland and charged with murder.
Defense lawyers had objected in earlier hearings to showing the videotape and the photo, saying they were too unclear to identify the person in them.
He is temporarily serving as Chechnya's acting president while his boss, Akhmad Kadyrov, is running in the region's Oct.
5 presidential election.
"""Savage made an extremely inappropriate comment and the decision to cancel the program was not difficult,"" MSNBC spokesman Jeremy Gaines said."
"""PeopleSoft has consistently maintained that the proposed combination of PeopleSoft and Oracle faces substantial regulatory delays and a significant likelihood that the transaction would be prohibited."""
Friday, Stanford (47-15) blanked the Gamecocks 8-0.
"But Mr. Peterson added, ""I don't know anybody in the conference committee who's fighting to keep it out completely."""
NASA officials are seeking advice about what to do with the 84,000 shattered pieces of the space shuttle Columbia, cautiously broaching the idea of putting some parts on display.
They were the deadliest terrorist attacks against Americans since September 11.
Antonio Monteiro de Castro, 58, currently director of the group’s Latin America & Caribbean operations, will become chief operating officer from the same date.
The main change, said CNN president Jim Walton, was a fundamental shift in the way the network collected its news.
The delay comes on the heels of Boeing Chairman Phil Condit's resignation Monday.
Law enforcement sources who spoke on condition of anonymity confirmed that Limbaugh was being investigated by the Palm Beach County, Fla., state attorney's office.
But its most popular comedy, Friends, is going into its last season.
"""These foods have an almost identical effect on lowering cholesterol as the original cholesterol-lowering drugs."""
Casteen has been under pressure from Gov. Mark R. Warner and other state officials to do whatever he could to protect Virginia Tech's athletic viability.
US manufacturing grew for the third consecutive month in September, but at a slower rate than in previous months, according to a survey released Wednesday.
The United States finally relented during President Bush's visit to Africa earlier this month.
Mr. Rollins made $721,154 in salary and $243,389 in bonuses in the prior fiscal year.
On Wednesday, attendees will vote on resolutions that express the Southern Baptist view on issues, but are not binding on individual churches.
Despite such optimism, Taiwan's SARS crisis threatened to whirl out of control this month.
Shares of the cigarette makers jumped on the news, led by New York-based Altria, whose shares rose almost 10 percent to $38.30.
In the 2002 study, the margin of error ranged from 1.8 to 4.4 percentage points.
Morgenthau said the women, all U.S. citizens, lied on a sworn affidavit that requires them to list prior marriages.
"""We've got an incredible amount of work to do, but it ain't in the instruction set,"" he said."
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI was down 63.09 points, or 0.68 percent, at 9,270.70.
Brendsel and chief financial officer Vaughn Clarke resigned June 9.
The constitutionality of outlawing partial birth abortion is not an open question.
The only passenger airline serving Baghdad, Royal Jordanian, said it was suspending service for three days.
Enron spokesman Eric Thode declined to comment on the mediation order.
On Jan.
10, 20-year-old Shawanda Denise McCalister, who also was pregnant, was found bound and strangled in her apartment in the same neighborhood.
There is one drug on the market for macular degeneration, Visudyne, and it is approved for the treatment of only one subtype that represents a minority of cases.
Shares of Cellegy were down $2.04, or 39%, to $3.18 in midday trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
It had a margin of sampling error of plus or minus four percentage points and was conducted Thursday through Saturday.
Mr. Turner transferred about 10 million shares to a charitable trust before they were sold.
"You have to dig deep and come up with the goods against guys who are out there competing with you."""
WORLD No. 2 Lleyton Hewitt has accused the Association of Tennis Professionals of malice, including an alleged attempt last year to dupe him into refusing a drug test.
"""The proposed investment starts the process of raising the funding we need to increase our capacity to better support our customer requirements,"" said Yukio Sakamoto, Elpida's president."
The retailer said it came to the decision after hearing the opinions of customers and associates.
"Mr. Soros branded Mr. Snow's policy shift a ""mistake."""
Solomon 5.5 is available initially in the United States and Canada, for a starting price of about $12,700.
Supporters say a city casino will attract tourists and conventioneers who will gamble and spend money in restaurants and stores.
He says the release of a tarot card left at a shooting scene may have prolonged the spree by cutting off fragile communications with the sniper.
At least 11 people remained hospitalized Saturday, three of them in critical condition.
The index also did better than the Standard & Poor's 500 index, which increased 3.3 percent.
The victims were last seen at church last Sunday; their bodies were discovered Tuesday.
The proceedings were taken up with prosecutors outlining their case against Amrozi, reading 33 pages of documents outlining allegations against him.
The MTA argued it needed to raise fares to close a two-year deficit it estimated, at different times, to be $952 million or $2.8 billion.
One had also pointed to the word refugee in an English/Turkish dictionary.
The Nikkei average .N225 was down 1.83 percent or 192.25 points at 10,310.04, its lowest close since August 28.
But Secretary of State Colin Powell brushed off this possibility Wednesday.
National Breast Cancer Centre chief executive Professor Christine Ewan said it was too early to quantify the risk to women.
"""Your withdrawal from our country is inevitable, whether it happens today or tomorrow,"" added the voice, which signed off giving the date as ""mid-September."""
"The US investment bank said: ""We believe the long-term prospects for the energy sector in the UK remain attractive."""
Prosecutors said Paracha, if convicted, could face at least 17 years in prison.
Stony Brook University launched the study in 1996, after earlier studies indicated a possible connection between electromagnetic fields and cancer.
"""I've stopped looters, run political parties out of abandoned buildings, caught people with large amounts of cash and weapons,"" said U.S. Army 2nd Lt. Cody Williams."
Rowell, 57, was out of state helping his wife's daughter move when the tragedy occurred, friends said.
Closed sessions are routinely held at the U.N. tribunal that deals with Balkan war crimes, but they are usually closed to protect witnesses who fear for their safety.
They later fell out and have backed a series of rival Congolese militias in recent years.
The US version will cost $99 for an individual licence, the same as the existing version.
"Before the commitee was formed, Mr Howard was defiant, saying Australia's view on Zimbabwe ""will not be changing, irrespective of the views of other countries""."
The Intel C++ Compiler for Platform Builder for Microsoft .NET is available for the suggested list price of $1,499 and is intended for OEM and system integrator use.
"""What is happening here is that people who have opposed this action throughout are trying to find fresh reasons why it was not the right thing to do."""
"""I had one bad stretch of holes that put me out of contention to win,"" Woods said."
Thousands of pounds of fireworks inside the Lamb Entertainment's warehouse and packed in the tractor-trailer rig exploded, the ATF said.
Wild rock legend Ozzy Osbourne could be kept in intensive care for “several days” following his quad bike accident, his doctor said tonight.
More than 60 per cent of its 1,000 employees at the time were killed.
Woori Finance is the only large bank remaining to be sold but the government still has large stakes in several other lenders.
Yet another big fight has been over a White House proposal to privatize air-traffic control at major airports.
One of the features is the ability to delete data on a handheld device if a user loses or locks down the device.
Belgium said yesterday that it has decided to scrap a war crimes law used to launch cases against President Bush and Prime Minister Ariel Sharon of Israel.
Thursday, Mr. Romanow called it an offence to democracy to not implement a council that so many Canadians support.
No tumors were detected; rather, empty cavities and scar tissue were found in their place.
Lee said he reached Scott on his cell phone and they talked for a couple minutes between noon and 2 p.m. on Dec.
24.
He then drove south on Hemphill and west on Drew Street driving about 60 mph, Jones said.
Fujitsu will own 40 percent of the company, which will be headquartered in Sunnyvale, Calif.
A two-week transition period will begin no later than June 7.
Adora Obi Nweze, the NAACP state president, said the state has refused to consider the possibility of murder.
Vermillion, Posey and Madison County populations will decline.
Boeing shares fell nearly 4 percent to $27.54 in afternoon New York Stock Exchange trade, while Lockheed slipped 1.6 percent to $49.42.
"""We are in the process of a thorough internal review with the assistance of outside professionals,"" she said in the statement."
But the United States' ultimate goal was not just to topple Mr. Hussein but to stabilize the country and install a friendly government.
Today, analysts say, UN members can no longer ignore the shifts since the September 11 2001 attacks.
But as more people were shot, Moose had to admit that he couldn't give the public the safety it needed.
"Not only giving his blessing but he asked that we hit the target well."""
SCO intends to provide them with choices to help them run Linux in a legal and fully paid-for way, he said.
America Online last quarter lost 846,000 dial-up subscribers.
That investigation closed without any charges being laid.
A 62-year-old West Babylon man has contracted the West Nile virus, the first human case in Suffolk County this year, according to the county health department.
She cautioned that it will be difficult for investigators to tie any decline in shuttle funding directly to the February tragedy.
Under the final tax bill, most dividends and capital gains would be taxed at 15 per cent until the end of 2008.
Schering-Plough shares fell 72 cents to close at $18.34 on the New York Stock Exchange.
News Corp. posted net profit of $275 million, or 21 cents per American Depositary Receipt, for the fiscal third quarter ended March 31.
The high profile two-week campaign – which started on September 28 – was designed to show a strong police presence around London.
Turkish troops almost surely would become targets for terrorists, the ambassador said.
The volatile mix could drag the session beyond the four days allotted by Bush, said Senate President Jim King.
ConAgra stock closed Monday on the New York Stock Exchange at $21.63 a share, down 11 cents.
Lowe's, with about half as many stores, reported a 33 percent increase in third-quarter profit behind a 12 percent jump in same-store sales.
ONA explicitly stated that it did not receive intelligence material indicating that Jemaah Islamiyah terrorist network was planning to mount an operation in Bali.
There are three warships with 2,300 Marines lingering off its coast.
After 10 years of debate, the government is requiring food labels to reveal exact levels of the artery clogger.
The rioters shot one person in the shoulder and beat and stabbed others, police said.
"Anything less is unacceptable,"" said Gordon, the ranking Democrat on the House Space and Aeronautics subcommittee."
"""We will work with the board to ensure a smooth transition."""
Revenue rose 26 percent, to $817 million, the company, based in South San Francisco, Calif., said.
Authorities picked up Dotson on July 21 after he called 911, saying he needed help because he was hearing voices, authorities said.
The Fourth of July parade begins at 11 a.m. in downtown Everett, at Colby and Hewitt avenues.
The three priests were careful to go through church channels first as they exercised their rights under canon law.
A picture of the doctor's son holding the guitar appeared in the National Enquirer just two weeks after George died.
"Junya Tanase, forex strategist at JP Morgan Chase, said ""I expect Japan to keep conducting intervention, but the volume is likely to fall sharply."""
Jon Friedman is media editor for CBS.MarketWatch.com in New York.
"This is what Dr. Dean said: ""I still want to be the candidate for guys with Confederate flags in their pickup trucks."
A total of 16.3 million lines provided advanced services, those services at speeds exceeding 200 kbps in both directions.
Park rangers searched an abandoned lighthouse on Monomoy yesterday afternoon, but there was no sign of the two women, said Chatham Harbormaster Stuart Smith.
None of the Prairie Plant Systems marijuana can be distributed until the document is made available, she said.
The format must be an open standard that has been formally ratified by an internationally recognized standards organization, and IP must be licensed under reasonable, non-discriminatory terms.
"Alhart said the governor ""remains hopeful that the city will continue to work with us and engage in good-faith discussions."""
But the North Korean nuclear crisis has dominated his time in office.
Daniels told the Star April 20 he was holding back because of concerns over the budget process in Washington and the war in Iraq.
The matriarch - who celebrates her 81st birthday next month - was yesterday thanked for her generosity by model and actor Sarah O'Hare, the National Breast Cancer Foundation patron.
In January 2000, notebooks represented less than 25 percent of sales volume.
And all of the samples contained molecules that can only be produced when cholesterol interacts with ozone.
But at age 15, she'd reached 260 pounds and a difficult decision: It was time to try surgery.
Under the proposed terms of the transaction, and following the spinoff of PalmSource, Palm will exchange 0.09 shares for each share of Handspring.
The witness was a 27-year-old Kosovan parking attendant, who was paid by the News of the World, the court heard.
Experts said the case marks one of the first times in which a parent was charged with contributing to a child's suicide.
I loved the Brazilian music I played.
Water samples are being tested in a state lab to determine what caused the reaction.
A nationally known computer hacker is being sought on a federal arrest warrant stemming from a sealed complaint in New York, a federal defender in California said Friday.
The department also sent water and soil samples to the state health laboratory.
Sliding down the embankment, the two rescuers hit the spongy, rocky floor of the river and immediately felt the pull.
Sanchez de Lozada promised a referendum on the gas project, a reform of energy laws and constitutional changes.
Clinton’s national security adviser, Sandy Berger, said in an interview that the White House was not informed of the FBI activities.
The reports helped overcome investor jitters after the euro briefly hit an all-time high against the dollar Tuesday.
The case consolidated multiple purported class actions filed in 2001.
Passengers were evacuated smoothly, although they were not told what was going on, he said.
BioReliance's stock closed down 2 cents yesterday at $47.98 per share.
"""There were,"" said board member and Nobel-prize winning Stanford physicist Douglas Osheroff, ""some extremely bad decisions."
British-born astronaut Michael Foale is about to fly into space to take up his post as commander of the International Space Station.
The men were flown to nearby Botswana on an Air Malawi flight, the officials said.
"Accusations of improper activity are as false today as when the Democrats first made them."""
Second comes HP (27 percent with $2.9 billion, up just 0.4 percent).
First up, Microsoft said a buffer overrun vulnerability occurs because IE does not properly determine an object type returned from a Web server.
Gemstar's shares gathered up 2.6 percent, adding 14 cents to $5.49 at the close.
British police claim they have been taking statements from more than 30 of the women.
The women had follow-up examinations in 1974-75, 1980-81 and 1992-93, but were not asked about stress again.
"The New York senator's new book, ""Living History,"" appears a certain bestseller."
The state, which previously conducted two triple executions and two double executions, says the policy is designed to reduce stress on its prison staff.
US military officials say rotor wash from the helicopter might have blown down the banner.
"Newcomer Marissa Jaret Winokur in ""Hairspray"" bested Broadway veteran Bernadette Peters in ""Gypsy"" for best actress in a musical."
The consensus estimate of analysts polled by Thomson First Call called for a profit of $1.70 per share.
Imam Samudra is charged with playing a key role in the planning and execution of the Oct.
12 attacks, that killed 202 people, mostly foreign tourists.
Jay Fishman, 51, chairman and chief executive of St Paul, will be chief executive of the combined company.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX rose 6.48 points, or 0.66 percent, to 990.51.
Excluding food and energy prices, the PPI fell 0.9 per cent, the biggest drop since August 1993.
Bare Metal Restore 4.6 will be available in mid-June, said Veritas, and will cost $900 per Windows client and $1,000 per Unix client.
Shelley's office reported Friday that 575,926 signatures have been reported to him.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX climbed 17.08 points, or 1.74 percent, to 998.68.
"The decision could also prove useful in the ""war on terrorism""."
Lee Janzen, who was tied atop the leaderboard with five holes left, finished with a 68 and tied for sixth.
Stardust was designed to gather thousands of dust particles streaming from Wild 2.
Federal officials gave the DPS officer an FAA number to call to initiate lost-aircraft procedures.
Senate passage of the Medicare bill was almost certain, possibly as early as today.
Another shooting linked to the spree occurred Nov.
11 at Hamilton Central Elementary in Obetz, about two miles from the freeway.
The woman reported that she felt threatened and obtained a warrant for Stackhouse's arrest from the local magistrate's office.
The new contract extends the guarantee that his annual pay and bonus will be at least $2.4 million a year.
The newspaper also reported that two key leaders were out of town during part of Columbia's flight.
Automatic gunfire rattled windows in the Qadesiya neighborhood at midday today, a largely Arab area that borders a Kurdish quarter.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC gained 21.35 points, or 1.33 percent, to 1,624.91.
Iowa State athletic director Bruce Van de Velde would not confirm an offer was made to Lebo.
Voters in Cleveland Heights, Ohio, were asked to decide whether to allow same-sex couples - and also unmarried heterosexual couples - to officially register as domestic partners.
This Palm OS smart phone is the last product the company will release before it becomes a part of palmOne.
The teen was in surgery at Sacred Heart Medical Center, and the extent of his injuries was not available, Bragdon said.
Tyco has said the loan was not forgiven, but that Swartz fully repaid it with interest, according to his lawyer, Charles Stillman.
With diplomacy heating up in the nearly 10-month-old crisis, Chinese Foreign Minister Li Zhaoxing flies to Japan on Sunday en route to South Korea on August 13.
Looking ahead the company confirmed its forecast of 10 per cent internal sales growth in 2003 and 2004.
He fought for laws that kept his daughter segregated and in an inferior position.
"And yes, Marilyn Monroe is definitely part of the story, titled ""Arthur Miller, Elia Kazan and the Blacklist: None Without Sin."""
The attacks came as Mr Sharon faced down the hardline central committee of his Likud party in Jerusalem.
There will be no vote on the issue but those opposed to Robinson's appointment are thought to be in the majority.
"""Yes, I'm taking his office and we're going to keep on building and keep on fighting,"" he added."
"In connection with the incident, I have acknowledged that I behaved inappropriately."""
The jury asked to have Mr. Quattrone's testimony about his role in the allocation of stock offerings read to them.
"A federal judge yesterday disconnected a new national ""do-not-call"" list, just days before it was to take effect, saying the agency that created it lacked the authority."
The researchers say that the fact the MAP bug is present in the vast majority of Crohns sufferers means it is almost certainly causing the intestinal inflammation.
An FBI statement said legal proceedings were expected Monday in federal court in Baltimore.
During the flight, engineers underestimated the extent of the damage, and even then lamented that the liftoff photography was so poor.
Virginia Gov. Mark R. Warner has been urging other state officials to do whatever they could to protect Virginia Tech's interests.
The FTC also asked the judge to suspend his ruling pending its appeal.
"In a televised address back in March, Mr Howard declared Iraq had weapons capable of ""causing death and destruction on a mammoth scale""."
Both are in the cocoa-growing west of the world's top producer in a region where fighting is complicated by the presence of Liberians on both sides.
"U.S. Attorney Patrick Fitzgerald said the wholesalers were not to blame and were ""victims in this."""
His aides warn an abrupt departure could trigger more bloodshed, a view shared by many in Liberia.
About 57 gang members and associates were arrested across the West on Wednesday, some on charges not related to the casino brawl.
Wall Street is looking for a profit of 30 cents a share in the third quarter and $1.31 for the fiscal year.
The Nikkei Average closed up 42.56 points, or half a percent, at 8,227.32.
Asked about other possible attacks, Roberts said: “I don’t think there’s any question about it that they’re going to be very global in nature.
The pressure will intensify today, with national coverage of the final round planned by ESPN and words that are even more difficult.
Jones' decision Friday ended an 18-month process that included a frenzy of last-minute negotiations between bidders and creditors.
PG&E's shares gained 24 cents to $15.44 during Tuesday's trading on the New York Stock Exchange.
"""I don't even worry about it anymore,"" he said."
"""This child was literally neglected to death,"" Armstrong County District Attorney Scott Andreassi said."
Lawmakers on the House panel will question intelligence analysts at the closed-door hearing about the factors that went into compiling the National Intelligence Estimate reports on Iraq's weapons programs.
Recall sponsors say they have submitted 1.6 million signatures.
"""It was to fly a plane into the White House,"" Karas said."
Marissa Jaret Winokur, as Tracy, won for best actress in a musical.
DB2 Cube Views automates the process of creating metadata by defining, describing, and indexing information in a database.
Shortly after the opening bell, the Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 11.13 to 9,228.48, while the S&P 500 index gained 1.74 to 982.33.
"""This blackout was largely preventable,"" Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham said."
A federal appeals court yesterday reinstated perjury charges against a San Diego student accused of lying about his association with 9/11 hijackers.
The Dow Jones industrial average advanced for the fourth week in a row.
By March 2003, 67 percent of broadband users connected using cable modems, compared with 28 percent using DSL.
They were there to honor Brick, who died Tuesday battling a four-alarm blaze in an upper Manhattan warehouse.
They say inspectors must certify that Iraq is free of weapons of mass destruction before sanctions can be lifted.
Powell changed the story earlier this year, telling officers that Hoffa's body was buried at his former home, where the aboveground pool now sits.
Also Thursday, the NYSE's board elected six new directors - three non-industry representatives and three industry representatives.
Her birthday, 21 April, was declared a public holiday and she attended a reception and a ball.
The ambassador said it was up to the Americans to press the Iraqi council to make the invitation - a move he said the United States appears unwilling to make.
St George A prosecutor says a Dorchester County couple was responsible for the death of their 6-year-old autistic son whose body was found in a pond near the family home.
"""The time has come to make public places smoke-free,"" they wrote in a letter to the Times newspaper."
"""Due to economic and creative realities, many key people will not be returning,"" producer David E. Kelley said in a statement."
Last week its American owners, AES Corp, walked away from the plant after banks and bondholders refused to accept its financial restructuring offer.
Justice Anthony M. Kennedy dissented in an opinion joined by Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justices Antonin Scalia and Clarence Thomas.
"""For customers to get the most out of the internet, several factors are crucial,"" Mr Danon said."
Toronto Police Chief Julian Fantino said Friday morning that an arrest has been made in the slaying of local girl Holly Jones.
Ontario Premier Ernie Eves announced yesterday that a former judge would conduct an independent investigation of how the province and city handled SARS.
The case is Illinois v. Telemarketing Associates, 01-1806.
Troubled Devil Rays prospect Josh Hamilton's promising future is in doubt after the Devil Rays announced Monday night that he will miss the season because of unspecified personal problems.
Under the settlement, Solutia will pay $50 million in equal installments over a period of 10 years.
"""His advice to the House Republicans is to pass it, to send it to him, so he can sign it."""
From Justin to Kelly, a romance starring American Idol winner Kelly Clarkson and runnerup Justin Guarini, opened at No. 11 with $2.9-million.
President Bush has raised $83.9 million since beginning his re-election campaign in May, and has $70 million of that left to spend, his campaign said Tuesday.
Fewer than a dozen FBI agents will be sent to Iraq to secure and analyze evidence of the bombing.
The International Union of Painters and Allied Trades endorsed Mr Dean several weeks ago.
Analysts have estimated the worth of the core properties at $10 billion-$15 billion.
"""He said they were in distress,"" said Kingsville Police Chief Sam Granato."
Lower state courts and federal courts are still hearing cases on the recall, but the prospects are uncertain.
Eight firefighters also suffered minor injuries, including burns, heat exhaustion, bruises and muscle strain, and were treated and released from the hospital, fire officials said.
But Miami is competing with eight other cities, including Atlanta; Panama City; Port-of-Spain, Trinidad; and Cancn, Mexico.
Mary Kathryn Miller, 55, of 27 Devon Road, Darien, was arrested Nov.
20 by state police and charged with first-degree larceny.
Sixty players and five coaches from the school attended the training camp in August in Preston Park, about 125 miles north of Philadelphia.
"John Logsdon, a board member, said that ""human spaceflight had become a place where dissent was not welcome."""
The production index rose to 52.9 percent from 51.5 percent in May.
"""We think it's great news,"" Enron spokesman Eric Thode said."
The girls, ages 16 and 18, were ticketed for underage drinking along with three of the cadets.
Josephine Burke, who ran the illegal day care, served four months in prison on misdemeanor assault and child-neglect charges.
Jirsa is being introduced as Marshall head coach today at a noon news conference in the Bob Hartley/Big Green Room of Cam Henderson Center, The Herald-Dispatch learned.
A major British study has added to the evidence that hormone replacement therapy increases the risk of breast cancer, especially when women receive a combination of estrogen and progestin.
NBC probably will end the season as the second most popular network behind CBS, although it's first among the key 18-to- 49-year-old demographic.
"""I still want to be the candidate for guys with Confederate flags in their pickup trucks,"" Dean said Friday in a telephone interview from New Hampshire."
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix, by J.K. Rowling, Scholastic, 870 pages, $29.99.
Philadelphia's council is not the first to defy the national policy.
The report details crime reported to law enforcement agencies statewide.
The Communications Workers Union, which represents more than 2,300 Comcast employees, called the executive pay package excessive when a typical union employee makes about $27,000 annually.
"Conference Board economist Ken Goldstein said the improved reading ""finally points to a recovery, almost a year and a half after the end of the recession."
A seventh victim, a woman, died Tuesday night in the burn unit at childrens Hospital Medical Center of Akron.
"""To have people say we did this for the money is foolish and dead wrong,"" Thomas quoted Jackson as saying."
The Pentagon had hoped to retain control of the postwar effort, so the decision was seen by some insiders as a victory for Powell and the State Department.
According to reports, Knight allegedly punched a parking attendant outside a Los Angeles nightclub.
"All along, we were basing our decisions on the best information that we had at the time,"" she said."
Early Monday, the center of Claudette was about 300 miles east of Brownsville, with maximum sustained wind blowing at 65 mph, 9 mph shy of hurricane strength.
GBI spokesman John Bankhead said the murder scenes showed that the killer was very methodical.
His wife, married to Moore by a justice of the peace, started planning her dream wedding.
The city index outperformed the Dow Jones industrial average, which fell 0.9 percent for the week.
A Microsoft spokesman was not immediately available to comment.
Paracha faces at least 17 years in prison if convicted.
Federal investigators are looking for possible connections between the theft of 1,100 pounds of an explosive chemical from construction companies in Colorado and California in the past week.
The Mariners torched Randy Choate and Juan Acevedo in the eighth for four runs and a 12-5 bulge.
People who once thought their blood pressure was fine actually need to start exercising and eating better, according to new U.S. guidelines published on Wednesday.
The pressure may well rise today, with national coverage of the final round planned by ESPN, the cable sports network.
On Monday during an annual biotechnology meeting in Washington, President Bush criticized Europe for aggravating hunger in Africa by closing its markets to genetically modified food.
Two Democrats, Sen. Charles Robb of Virginia and Wendell Ford of Kentucky, voted with the 40 Republicans.
Yesterday, Mr. Romanow said it was an affront to democracy to not implement a council that so many Canadians support.
The company's chief executive retired and chief financial officer resigned.
The former employees filed wrongful-termination suits, dismissed in July 2002, that included details about the documents, the Journal story said.
"Labor's Julia Gillard said it was a ""major failure of coastal surveillance""."
"""The mission of the CAPPS II system has been and always will be aviation security,"" they said."
Under the agreement, the settling companies will also assign their potential claims against the underwriters to the investors, he added.
Oracle shares also rose on the news, up 15 cents to $13.51 on the Nasdaq.
Nursing schools turned away more than 5,000 qualified applicants in the past year because of shortages of faculty and classroom space.
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI jumped 194.14 points, or 2.09 percent, to 9,469.20 after sinking more than 1 percent a day earlier.
Former Secretary of State Bill Jones, another potential major candidate, had not divulged his plans Tuesday.
However, a recent slide in prices and OPEC's expectations of a surge in oil inventories have compounded its fears about a further softening of the market.
Children get sick from drinking the water: The United Nations Office of the Humanitarian Coordinator for Iraq last week reported that cases of diarrhea have tripled in Baghdad.
"""The result is an overall package that will provide significant economic growth for our employees over the next four years."""
Warren David Campbell, 32, and climbing companion Jonathan Smith, 47, did not return as expected on Tuesday from climbing on Mt D'Archiac in the McKenzie District.
Both rebels and government forces have been accused of pillaging villages in Liberia's countryside despite the peace agreement.
Mr Djerejian said that in the past month Syria had taken some steps in response to the pressure, such as moving the militant group offices out of Damascus.
Since the initial takeover offer, Salix shares have risen about 35 percent.
More than 6,000 companies must get shareholders' approval before granting their executives options and other stock compensation packages, the Securities and Exchange Commission said Monday.
"""For us that doesn't make a difference, the sexual orientation,"" Tutu told television reporters in Soweto."
Former postal worker, Douglas Lindsell, was sentenced yesterday at Kingston Crown Court after pleading guilty to attempting to abduct a young girl.
China accounted for about 14 percent of Motorola's sales last year, and the company has large manufacturing operations there.
Kingston also finished with 67 after producing six birdies on the back nine.
"The European Union was due on Monday to demand that Iran accept ""urgently and unconditionally"" tougher inspections of its nuclear program, linking compliance to a pending trade deal."
Responding to speculation that she was ready to retire, Justice Sandra Day O'Connor indicated today that she would serve out the next term of the Supreme Court.
It is for that reason that legal scholars said Judge Nottingham's decision was at least plausible.
He had been arrested twice before for trespassing and was barred from the complex.
"A 64 year-old paedophile described by police as the ""most prolific Internet groomer ever caught"" has been jailed for five years."
On Oct.
10, an 18-year-old freshman member of the men's swim team jumped from the same 10th-floor ledge.
"""I´m very proud of the citizens of this state,"" Gov. John Baldacci said after votes from Tuesday´s referendum were counted."
A $5 billion dollar-denominated portion from GM drew about $21 billion of bids, an analyst looking at the deal said.
Van-Vliet, who was also injured, called in the accident on the school bus radio.
"""But unfortunately we have found that attacks against Iraqis have increased,"" he added."
The memo on protecting sales of Windows and other desktop software mentioned Linux, a still small but emerging software competitor that is not owned by any specific company.
Cisco executives were encouraged by $1.3 billion in cash flow and the increase in net income, but said they remained ``cautiously optimistic'' about a rebound.
GM's offering is also expected to include about $3.5 billion in convertible securities.
"""He would often call me for advice,"" said Ronald L. Kuby, a friend and well-known lawyer who had represented him in the harassment case."
Cruz came to the United States in 1960, a year after Fidel Castro overthrew a dictatorship and installed a Communist government.
Shares of SCO closed at $10.93, down 28 cents, in Monday trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 0.7 per cent to 9,547.43 while the S&P 500 was 0.8 per cent weaker at 1,025.79.
Surrounded by singers from Harlem, Bush said: ''The artistry of black musicians has conveyed the experience of black Americans throughout our history.
Analysts surveyed by Reuters Research expected earnings of 13 cents a share on revenue of $6.7 billion, on average.
"While he said ""many good people work in the telemarketing industry, the public is understandably losing patience with these unwanted phone calls, unwanted intrusions."
The S&P 500 had climbed 16 percent since its March low and yesterday closed at its highest since Dec.
2.
Beginning sometime next year, holders of existing paper bonds will be encouraged to exchange them for electronic versions.
Palm will issue approximately 13.9 million shares of Palm common stock to Handspring's shareholders.
Excluding food and energy costs, the core CPI is seen rising 0.2 percent, matching the July figure.
"""I had no direct interest and Craxi begged me to intervene because he believed the operation damaged the state,"" he told a packed courtroom during a 45-minute address."
The meat, poultry, butter, cheese and nuts were being stored by more than 100 wholesalers in Chicago.
UK retail like-for-like sales for the 17 weeks to December 27 were flat, with gross margin down two percentage points.
The tests measure how well students are meeting the state's standards for learning the content taught in each grade.
"The juvenile arrested yesterday allegedly authored a variant of the worm known as ""RPCSDBOT."""
The arrests revealed new details about the four-month investigation at Selenski's Mount Olivet Road home.
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 index slipped 12.27 points or 1.23 percent to 981.73.
Rambus Inc. shot up almost 33 percent, making it the biggest percentage gainer on the Nasdaq.
Air Commodore Pietsch said a 9-11 style aircraft suicide attack was the key concern.
Sources within the racing industry have told the Daily Bulletin that Fontana will get a second NASCAR race on Labor Day weekend starting next season.
Swartz had sought to have the charges dismissed, saying New Hampshire was the wrong place to charge him.
The investment gives Larkspur, Calif.-based BayStar more than 2.9 million shares of SCO common stock, or 17.5 percent of the company's outstanding shares.
"""We can't change the past, but we can do a lot about the future,"" Sheehan said hours after arriving in Phoenix."
Citigroup Inc.
C.N , the world's largest financial services company, on Wednesday promoted Marjorie Magner to chairman and chief executive of its global consumer group.
But an earnings per share of 22 cents was slightly better than analysts' estimates of 19 cents a share and more than double what Ford had predicted in April.
Several thousand 3rd Infantry troops, including the 3rd Brigade Combat Team based at Fort Benning in Columbus, Ga., began returning last week.
The Institute for Supply Management's manufacturing index rose to 49.4 in May from 45.4 in April, the biggest monthly gain since December.
The manufacturers include Fujitsu Ltd., Mitsubishi Electric Corp., Motorola Japan Ltd., NEC Corp., Panasonic Mobile Communications Co.
Ltd., and Sharp Corp.
Justice Antonin Scalia, Sandra Day O'Connor and Clarence Thomas dissented from the ruling.
The mother of a Briton held by Colombian guerrillasspoke of her relief yesterday after hearing that he might be freed in the next few weeks.
"""I've played Brazilian music, but I'm not Brazilian."
The Nasdaq composite index dropped 33.90, or 2.1 percent, to 1,610.82, having risen 1.1 percent last week.
Some 1.6 billion shares traded on the Big Board, a 17 percent increase over the three-month daily average.
Stevens said that the drug manufacturers had not shown why the plan should be prevented from taking effect.
Carlton Dotson, Dennehy’s former teammate, reportedly told FBI agents he shot Dennehy after the player tried to shoot him, according to the arrest warrant affidavit.
"""I don't even worry about that anymore,"" the 38-year-old center fielder said."
Cross-dressing teens from Harvey Milk High School offered sex for money in Greenwich Village and then robbed the would-be johns by pretending to be cops, sources said last night.
Investigators used a jackhammer and hand tools to conduct the search but halted work for several hours while waiting for the anthropologist to arrive from Indianapolis.
"In a letter sent to The Times and read to the Associated Press after his resignation, Blair blamed ""personal issues"" and apologized for his ""lapse of journalistic integrity."""
Clark, one of nine Democrats seeking the nomination, said the program would cost about $100 million a year and would be within the Department of Homeland Security.
In Chatsworth, 52km north-west of Los Angeles, residents of multimillion-dollar homes there were being told to begin gathering their belongings.
October heating oil futures settled .85 cent lower at 69.89 cents a gallon.
The senior administration official said neither Bush nor National Security Adviser Condoleezza Rice read the entire National Intelligence Estimate.
The $130 million cleanup included new carpet, electrical wiring and bathrooms.
Revenue in the first quarter of the year dropped 15 percent from the same period a year earlier.
Even when the exchange detected violations, it often failed to take disciplinary action, the SEC said.
From Justin to Kelly, a romance starring American Idol winner Kelly Clarkson and runnerup Justin Guarini, opened at No. 11 with $2.9-million.
His family approached the federal defender's office in Sacramento Friday about arranging his surrender.
AstraZeneca says just 1pc of people of those taking the drug worldwide have suffered serious consequences.
However, the agency said it will provide data from system audit logs to support external investigations of improper Internet use if requested by outside authorities.
Some opposition leaders called for withdrawing troops, but others said they would reserve comment until mourning was over.
Volume came to 439.66 million shares, below 450.39 million at the same point Wednesday.
The Phillies were apparently upset when Counsell stole during the sixth with the Diamondbacks up 7-1.
The federal and local governments remained largely shut down in the aftermath of Hurricane Isabel, as were schools, and much of the region's transportation network was slowed.
JetBlue shares slipped nearly 5 percent Tuesday morning on the Nasdaq Stock Market in New York after the deal was announced.
"They will feel themselves to be deceived and they may well dismiss legitimate evidence for the dangers and risks of this and other drugs in the future."""
At least 36 deaths have been blamed on the storm, 20 of them in Virginia.
Gerry Kiely, a EU agriculture representative in Washington, said EU ministers were invited but canceled because the union is closing talks on agricultural reform.
Advances in AIDS treatments in recent years, some experts are saying, could be undermining efforts to promote safe sex.
Marcel Desailly, the France captain and Chelsea defender, believes the latter is true.
In addition, the Justice Department said that the FBI has conducted ''fewer than 10'' investigations involving visits to mosques.
"They often complain about misconduct,"" John Goold, chief deputy district attorney for Stanislaus County said."
The Securities and Exchange Commission announced that Robert Korkuc was expected to plead guilty Thursday in federal court on Long Island to securities fraud charges.
Qanbar said the council members would possibly elect a chairman later Sunday.
Emeryville-based Ask Jeeves agreed to sell a business software division to a Sunnyvale-based rival, Kanisa, for $4.25 million.
In recent dealings, shares of Roslyn were up 40 cents, or 1.9 percent, to $21.25.
"""At least two of [the suspects] were supposed to be in positions of leadership,"" he said."
The research is set to change how the public and doctors check for melanomas.
In Somalia, the report says, only 26 percent of adolescent girls have heard of AIDS and only 1 percent know how to protect themselves.
Jackson, 45, posted a $3 million bond and returned to Las Vegas, where he is filming a music video.
A month ago, the Commerce Department estimated that GDP had a grown at a 7.2 percent rate in the third quarter.
Durst, a millionaire, pleaded self-defense in the death of his neighbor Morris Black.
Trading volume was light at 726.40 million shares, but above the 642.73 million exchanged at the same point Wednesday.
Food and Drug Administration (news - web sites) Commissioner Mark McClellan said Kraft's initiative could start an important trend.
The yield fell 2 basis points to 1.41 percent, after reaching 1.4 percent on May 8, the lowest since March 12.
Sunnis make up 77 percent of Pakistan's population, Shiites 20 percent.
Now they were waiting to see if Fed Chairman Alan Greenspan would try to repair the damage done to bond prices in his testimony to the House next week.
"A month ago a military transport plane returned to Baghdad when an engine exploded in what officials called a ""safety incident."""
InterActiveCorp's shares closed at $34.19, down $2.81, or 7.6 percent on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
The tech-heavy Nasdaq Stock Market's composite index rose 3.41 points to 1,915.31.
She estimated it would take three months and would require cancellation of a sub-audit of the Department of Environmental Quality.
Governor Rod Blagojevich said he would not balance the state budget with gambling revenues.
"We acted because we saw the existing evidence in a new light, through the prism of our experience on 11 September,"" Rumsfeld said."
"""Australians are very upset and angry by what took place . . . upset because innocent people lost their lives,"" he said."
Kodak said the PracticeWorks deal is expected to add about $215 million to its revenue in the first full year after the acquisition.
Veritas said new customers can buy Bare Metal Restore for $900 per Windows client and $1,000 per Unix client.
In ''The Order of the Phoenix,'' Harry is 15, and fully a teenager at last.
The matter could then be sent to the U.N. Security Council.
The two had battled over custody and he allegedly told her in an angry phone call that he had no intention of following their new custody agreement.
Cullen is replacing former chief privacy officer Richard Purcell, who left earlier this year.
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration rejected ImClone's original application in December 2001, saying the trial had been sloppily conducted.
The Oct.
9 hearing date is two days after the Lakers open their pre-season with two games in Hawaii.
Symantec yesterday bought SSL VPN appliance vendor SafeWeb for $26 million in cash.
About 700 MONUC troops are based in Bunia, but the force has neither the mandate nor the manpower to stop the fighting.
It will also give Microsoft an opportunity to comment on remedies proposed by the Commission.
The government says the changes are necessary if Israel is to compete successfully in the global marketplace and attract investment.
By contrast, the Senate-passed prescription drug plan requires seniors to pay 50 percent of drug costs, with a $275 deductible each year.
David Brame shot his wife and then himself April 26 in a Gig Harbor parking lot as their two children sat in his car nearby.
In fact, 10 million shares of the sale went to an unidentified charitable trust - which promptly sold them.
She was bitten on the back and scratched on the leg, her mother said.
Both the House and Senate bills would end the ban on research and development of low-yield nuclear weapons.
He also had management jobs at three space centers before being named director of Stennis.
"In Nairobi, Kenya, the Very Rev. Peter Karanja, provost of All Saints Cathedral, said the U.S. Episcopal Church ""is alienating itself from the Anglican Communion."""
Median household income declined 1.1 percent between 2001 and 2002 to $42,409, after accounting for inflation.
"""This case was both mentally challenging and emotionally exhausting,"" said the foreman, Jim Wolfcale, a 41-year-old minister."
Under NASD regulations, Mr. Young can file a response and request a hearing before an NASD panel.
The findings appear in Wednesday's Journal of the American Medical Association (news - web sites).
General Sattler heads a Combined Joint Task Force aboard the command ship Mount Whitney.
"""We haven't decided whether to use an unbroken or dotted white line,"" said Dave Richardson, the ICC's cricket manager."
The products are priced at $575 and $295 in quantities of 10,000.
He said the Government still did not know the real reason the original Saudi buyer pulled out on August 21.
After Mao's death in 1976, Madame Mao was sentenced to life imprisonment for her role in the oppressive Cultural Revolution.
"However, one subset of patients, women on hormonal treatment following chemotherapy, ""appeared to show a favorable trend to improvement in survival."""
Xerox shares rose 2 cents to close at $11.45 on the New York Stock Exchange.
The state's population was 6,080,485 in 2000, according to the U.S. census.
From 1976 to 1980, it said, 6 percent of children ages 6 to 18 were overweight.
The tech-heavy Nasdaq Stock Markets composite index added 1.16 points to 1,504.04.
The skull is then punctured, the brain suctioned out, and that causes the skull to collapse so it can be removed from the birth canal.
With all precincts reporting, Fletcher — a three-term congressman from Lexington — had an overwhelming 57 percent of the vote.
She countersued for $125 million, saying G+J broke its contract with her by cutting her out of key editorial decisions and manipulated the magazine's financial figures.
A downturn in services activity in March was the only break in what has been broad growth in services for the past 15 months.
U.S. law enforcement officials are sneering at Dar Heatherington's version of the events which thrust her into the public spotlight.
Around 1,500 police are to be deployed at Niigata for the ferry's visit.
He attends football training for three hours a day to accelerate the healing process, and has lost 17 kilograms since October.
But planning for an expansion of Wagerup has been caught up in a heated debate about the existing project's effect on local residents.
Holloway surrendered in Cleveland on Friday and was expected to be transferred to Houston in two weeks.
When the bomb exploded at the Casa de España, customers were eating dinner and playing bingo.
"Partway across the Atlantic, ""He just heard two huge bangs and the balloon shuddered and fell,"" the balloonist's spokesperson Nicky Webster said."
The market remains pinned in a narrow range after a powerful rally pushed the broad S&P 500 index up more than 20 percent since mid-March.
"""I think you'll see a lot of job growth in the next two years,"" said Mankiw."
Peterson told police he left his wife at about 9:30 a.m. on Dec.
24 to fish alone in San Francisco Bay.
"""But I do question the motives of a deskbound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for the purposes of a speech."""
Mr. Daschle said the Senate had confirmed 124 judicial nominees since Mr. Bush took office.
It has not come to a vote yet in the Senate Armed Services Committee.
This year the Audubon Society once again hosts its annual Christmas Bird Count.
The festival kicked off yesterday one day after the Competition Commission delivered its final verdict to the Government on the proposed £4.1 billion merger.
After that, he plans to have dinner at Camp Bondsteel with U.S. troops stationed there.
Optima first registered www.optimatech.com with Network Solutions at the end of 1990.
Taiwan had been relatively free of the viral infection until a fiasco at a Taipei hospital in late April caused the number of infections to skyrocket.
Authorities had no evidence to suggest the two incidents were connected.
Twenty percent of Latino students and 23 percent of black students performed at proficient or higher.
"""McDonald's Canada only purchases beef from facilities federally inspected and approved by the Canadian Food Inspection Agency."""
It would remove $55 billion in tax subsidies for exporters, which are illegal under international trade law, in exchange for new tax breaks.
A law enforcement source in Palm Beach County, where Limbaugh owns a $24 million oceanfront mansion, said last week that Limbaugh's drug use is still under investigation.
The jawbone is similar to those of other early modern humans found in Africa, the Middle East and later in Europe.
It is the fifth such election in Iraq, after the northern city of Mosul and three cities in Iraq's south.
"""It's great to be back home,"" said Lu, dressed in a woolly coat near the blackened capsule."
A Chinese court yesterday jailed two people for life and imprisoned 12 others for organising a sex party involving hundreds of Japanese tourists.
Pataki said if power was restored, state workers would be back on the job Friday morning.
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration rejected ImClone's original application in December 2001, saying the trial had been sloppily conducted.
Mr. Weingarten said that he expected Mr. Ebbers, who turned 62 yesterday, to be fully exonerated at trial.
BEA Systems Inc.
BEAS.O on Thursday said second-quarter profits rose 28 percent, as revenues grew amid a contracting overall market for business software.
Before Thursday's matinee, Baker called a clubhouse meeting, concerned that the controversy had distracted the Cubs.
Feith said critics have misrepresented the work of the special intelligence group he set up in October 2001.
World Airways Inc. and North American Airlines Inc. also have filed applications seeking authority to provide service to Iraq.
"""If I was diagnosed today with CJD, I would ensure I received this treatment as soon as humanly possible."
The contract also includes a $200,000 buyout.
His attorney, Christopher Wilson, said Young is disputing the accusations through the NASD's hearing process.
"In a statement, the company said both bids would allow Vivendi to ""maintain a substantial minority interest in a U.S. media corporation with excellent growth potential."""
Based on the history and success of The Winston in Charlotte, I believe theres no place but Lowes Motor Speedway that can do it justice.
"""The message is: If an individual is thinking of getting a flu shot, they shouldn't wait."
Claudette, the first hurricane of the Atlantic storm season, hit the mid-Texas coast July 15, classified as a Category 1 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 85 mph.
Second, I am responsible for the approval process in my agency.
His mother contacted the Federal Public Defender's office in Sacramento, which has agreed to handle his surrender, she says.
The executives fined included former Chief Executives Paul A. Allaire and G. Richard Thoman as well as former Chief Financial Officer Barry Romeril.
"Apple is working with Oxford Semiconductor and affected drive manufacturers to resolve this issue, which resides in the Oxford 922 chipset,"" the company statement said."
California's lost tax revenue was mostly due to international corporate tax shelters.
He wounded a security guard and then fled, stabbing two passersby as he ran off along the promenade.
He found that men who had ejaculated more than five times a week in their 20s were a third less likely to develop aggressive prostate cancer later in life.
Trans fat makes up only 1 percent to 3 percent of the total fat Americans consume, compared with 14 percent for saturated fat.
Hernandez had breast cancer and Moore is being treated for non-Hodgkins lymphoma.
Car volume was down 8 percent, while light truck sales--which include vans, pickups and SUVs--rose 2.7 percent.
In March, SCO Group filed a lawsuit against IBM charging unfair competition and breach of contract.
As of Wednesday, there were 65 probable SARS cases in the Toronto region.
Both executives face up to 10 years in prison and a $1 million fine for securities fraud.
Earlier this year, the company announced a restatement of its 2002, 2001 and 2000 financial results.
The talk, however,has been downplayed by PBL which said it would focus only on smaller purchases that were immediately earnings and cash flow-accretive.
A female attendant, 25, was slashed across the face as the attacker closed on the cockpit.
The card is issued by Mexico's consulates to its citizens living abroad and shows the date of birth, a current photograph and the address of the cardholder.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX declined 10.65 points, or 1.07 percent, to 987.86.
There were 659 women enrolled at the academy at the time of the survey.
Three Southern politicians who ``stood up to ancient hatreds'' were honored Monday with Profile in Courage Awards from the John F. Kennedy Library and Museum.
The 12-nation currency has risen by 33 percent against the dollar over the past 15 months.
Four years ago, Nike was sued in state court by California activist Marc Kasky under a statute designed to protect consumers from false advertising.
During interrogation, he admitted that he helped organise and carry out near-simultaneous bombings that killed 22 people in Manila in December 2000.
Only two other countries, the Dominican Republic and Germany, publicly expressed reservations about the treaty, and Germany has since said it will support the pact.
U.S. military officials have said it could take up to two years before regular elections are held, based on experiences elsewhere in the world.
Dealers said the euro's downward momentum may pick up speed should it break below $1.15.
U.S. Attorney Jeffrey Collins also said two of his assistants will consult with state police during the investigation and determine if any federal laws were broken.
It is the first major industrial plant for Leighton as project manager.
The suit was filed in the Supreme Court of New York County.
Negotiators talked with the boy for more than an hour, and SWAT officers surrounded the classroom, Bragdon said.
Soon after, a Coast Guard helicopter landed and took the men to Bartlett Regional Hospital, Mills said.
Excluding food and energy costs, the core CPI was up 0.1 percent last month, compared to a rise of 0.2 percent in July.
The Atlanta Olympic Games attack killed one woman and injured more than 100 other people.
Also at increased risk are those with suppressed immune systems due to illness or medicines.
"""Events on our system, in and of themselves, could not account for the widespread nature of the outage,"" Burg said."
Handset market share for the second quarter, it said, is higher than the first quarter.
An attempt last month in the Senate to keep the fund open for another year fell flat.
"Writing for the minority, Justice John Paul Stevens said the interrogation was akin to ""an attempt to obtain an involuntary confession from a prisoner by torturous methods."""
Apple Computer Inc. said Monday it exceeded record industry expectations by selling more than 1 million songs since the launch of its online music store a week ago.
He is out for work, donot disturb. kindly call him after 5 minute or leave a message.
Thank You.
Do not reply for this msg.
(AUTO GENERATED MESSAGE).
Huh u still doing yest tut...
I tot u finish liao...
U v slow leh...
No need 2 b paisei w me lar...
U mus eat more now cos ur gf fatter now...
Yar lor...
U not ard then i v lonely lor...
Hee...
Y u not eating lunch?
U not hungry or u too busy?
Of course got use lah.
U must jia you k.
2 more days and u can enjoy liao oh. :-)
ll try to keep sian-ness away..
In da car park
Ok.
Ok c ü then.
ll be late...
m done.
C ü there.
Dunno lei shd b driving lor cos i go sch 1 hr oni.
Ü wait 4 me in sch i finish ard 5..
ll b doing da contents pg n cover pg..
m going out 4 dinner soon..
s ur email?
ve sent ü my part..
Ü no home work to do meh...
Huh so late...
Fr dinner?
m elaborating on the safety aspects and some other issues..
Oic...
Then better quickly go bathe n settle down...
No need to ke qi...
Ü too bored izzit y suddenly thk of this...
m hungry buy smth home...
How r ü going to send it to me?
s clearer..
I havent add ü yet right..
They said ü dun haf passport or smth like dat..
Or ü juz send to my email account..
Ok..
Ü finishing soon?
ll be submitting da project tmr rite?
ll b going 2 sch on mon.
My sis need 2 take smth.
m not going liao.
Too lazy.
Dun wan 2 distract u also.
Is ur paper in e morn or aft tmr?
Nothing.
Can...
Shb b ok lor...
Thanx...
Really...
I tot ur paper ended long ago...
But wat u copied jus now got use?
U happy lar...
I still haf 2 study :-(
Watch lor.
I saw a few swatch one i thk quite ok.
Ard 116 but i need 2nd opinion leh...
Then she dun believe wat?
Ron say fri leh.
N he said ding tai feng cant make reservations.
But he said wait lor.
s true already.
I thk she muz c us tog then she believe.
s wat he told me.
Ok lor...
Orh i tot u say she now still dun believe.
Cos i was out shopping wif darren jus now n i called him 2 ask wat present he wan lor.
Then he started guessing who i was wif n he finally guessed darren lor.
Aiyar we go tokyu macs meet lar...
Bugis oso near wat...
Go until jurong point, crazy..
Available only in bugis n great world la e buffet...
Cine there got amore wat...
I dunno until when...
Lets go learn pilates...
Den only weekdays got special price...
Haiz...
Cant eat liao...
Cut nails oso muz wait until i finish drivin wat, lunch still muz eat wat...
Meet after lunch la...
m walking in citylink now ü faster come down...
Me very hungry...
5 nights...We nt staying at port step liao...Too ex
Hey pple...$700 or $900 for 5 nights...Excellent location wif breakfast hamper!!!
Yun ah.the ubi one say if ü wan call by tomorrow.call 67441233 look for irene.ere only got bus8,22,65,61,66,382.
Ubi cres,ubi tech park.6ph for 1st 5wkg days.èn
Hey tmr maybe can meet you at yck
Oh...i asked for fun.
Haha...take care. ü
We are supposed to meet to discuss abt our trip...
Thought xuhui told you?
In the afternoon.
Thought we can go for lesson after that
t finish my film yet...
m having dinner with my cousin...
Oh...
Kay...
On sat right?
I need...
Coz i never go before
s a basic yoga course... at bugis...
We can go for that...
Pilates intro next sat....
Tell me what time you r free
I am going to sao mu today.
Will be done only at 12
Hey gals...U all wanna meet 4 dinner at nìte?
Jos ask if u wana meet up?
Haiyoh...
Maybe your hamster was jealous of million
is your hamster dead?
Hey so tmr i meet you at 1pm orchard mrt?
ve booked the pilates and yoga lesson already...
Haha
Yup...
I havent been there before...
You want to go for the yoga?
I can call up to book
K...
Must book a not huh? so going for yoga basic on sunday?
Hey so this sat are we going for the intro pilates only?
Or the kickboxing too?
Sat right?
Okay thanks...
Yup...
From what i remb...
I think should be can book...
m going to get specs.
My membership is PX3748
We can go 4 e normal pilates after our intro...
Sun ah...
Thk mayb can if dun have anythin on...
Thk have to book e lesson...
E pilates is at orchard mrt u noe hor...
Thk shld b can...
Ya, i wana go 4 lessons...
Haha, can go for one whole stretch...
Sounds gd...
Haha...
Can...
Wah, u yan jiu so fast liao...
Wah...
Okie okie...
Muz make use of e unlimited...
Haha...
ll go yan jiu den msg u...
K..
I yan jiu liao...
Sat we can go 4 bugis vill one frm 10 to 3 den hop to parco 4 nb.
Sun can go cine frm 1030 to 2, den hop to orc mrt 4 hip hop at 4...
ll go yan jiu too...
We can skip ard oso, go cine den go mrt one, blah blah blah...
Nope...
Juz off from work...
Oh oh...
Wasted...
Den muz chiong on sat n sun liao...
Haha...
Sounds crazy, dunno can tahan anot...
Hmmm..
Thk sure got time to hop ard...
Ya, can go 4 free abt...
Muz call u to discuss liao...
Oh...
I was thkin of goin yogasana at 10 den no nd to go at 3 den can rush to parco 4 nb...
Okie lor, u call me when ready...
After my work ah...
Den 6 plus lor...
U workin oso rite...
Den go orchard lor, no other place to go liao...
Aiyo...
U always c our ex one...
I dunno abt mei, she haven reply...
First time u reply so fast...
Y so lucky not workin huh, got bao by ur sugardad ah...gee..
s ex wat...
No ah, waitin 4 u to treat, somebody shld b rich liao...So gd, den u dun have to work frm tmr onwards...
Oh oh...
Den muz change plan liao...
Go back have to yan jiu again...
s nt much lesson to go if we attend kb on sat...
Den wat will e schedule b lk on sun?
Eh den sat u book e kb liao huh...
Yup...
Hey then one day on fri we can ask miwa and jiayin take leave go karaoke
Yup...
Ok i go home look at the timings then i msg ü again...
Xuhui going to learn on 2nd may too but her lesson is at 8am
Hey i booked the kb on sat already... what other lessons are we going for ah?
Keep your sat night free we need to meet and confirm our lodging
Hey... are you going to quit soon?
Xuhui and i working till end of the month
s a kb lesson tonight
Hey so whats the plan this sat?
ve woken up...
Hey i will be late ah...
Meet you at 945+
Hey tmr meet at bugis 930 ?
Ha...
Then we must walk to everywhere...
Cannot take tram.
My cousin said can walk to vic market from our hotel
Haha...
Yup hopefully we will lose a few kg by mon. after hip hop can go orchard and weigh again
ve booked the 2 lessons on sun liao...
Hmmm...
Guess we can go 4 kb n power yoga...
Haha, dunno we can tahan power yoga anot...
Thk got lo oso, forgot liao...
Oh...
Okie lor...We go on sat...
Oh...
Haha...
Den we shld had went today too...
Gee, nvm la...
Kaiez, i dun mind goin jazz oso...
Scared hiphop open cant catch up...
ll quit yet...
Hmmm, can go jazz ?
Yogasana oso can...
We can go meet em after our lessons den...
m still sleepin, haha...
Okie, u go home liao den confirm w me lor...
m nt goin, got somethin on, unless they meetin 4 dinner lor...
Haha, i wonder who will go tis time...
m eatin too much n puttin on weight...Haha...
So anythin special happened?
Thk some of em find wtc too far...
Weiyi not goin...
E rest i dunno yet...
R ur goin 4 dinner den i might b able to join...
Goin to workout lor...
Muz lose e fats...
m eatin now lor, but goin back to work soon...
E mountain deer show huh...
I watch b4 liao, very nice...
ve oredi booked slots 4 my weekends liao...
I noe la...
U wana pei bf oso rite...
K lor, other days den...
U meet other fren dun wan meet me ah...
Muz b a guy rite...
Oh...
Icic...
K lor, den meet other day...
Haha...
Where got so fast lose weight, thk muz go 4 a month den got effect...
Gee,later we go aust put bk e weight.
U attend ur driving lesson how many times a wk n which day?
Ay wana meet on sat?ü wkg on sat?
Shopping?
Eh ger i toking abt syd leh...Haha
s é only $140 ard...É rest all ard $180 at least...Which is é price 4 é 2 bedrm ($900)
Hmm...Bad news...Hype park plaza $700 studio taken...Only left 2 bedrm-$900...
Okay...
I booked all already...
Including the one at bugis.
Yun ah.now ü wkg where?btw if ü go nus sc.
Ü wana specialise in wad?
Hey you still want to go for yogasana?
Coz if we end at cine then can go bathe and hav the steam bath
Hey we can go jazz power yoga hip hop kb and yogasana
Can meh?
Thgt some will clash...
Really ah, i dun mind...
I dun seen to have lost any weight...
Gee...
Oh...
Lk tt den we take e one tt ends at cine lor...
Dun wan yogasana oso can...
Wa...
U so efficient...
Gee...
Thanx...
Hmmm....
Mayb can try e shoppin area one, but forgot e name of hotel...
s e best choice den we juz have to take it...
I only work from mon to thurs but Sat i cant leh...
Booked liao...
Which other day u free?
Until 545 lor...
Ya, can go 4 dinner together...
Mon okie lor...
Haha, best is cheap n gd food la, ex oso okie...
Depends on whether wana eat western or chinese food...
Den which u prefer...
Chinatown got porridge, claypot rice, yam cake, fishhead beehoon...
Either we eat cheap den go cafe n tok or go nydc or somethin...
s shop ?
My fri ah...
Okie lor,goin 4 my drivin den go shoppin after tt...
Hey...Great deal...Farm tour 9am to 5pm $95/pax, $50 deposit by 16 May
haha but no money leh...
Later got to go for tuition...
Haha and looking for empty slots for driving lessons
My tuition is at 330.
Hm we go for the 1120 to 1205 one?
Do you mind?
Hey...
What time is your driving on fri?
We go for evaluation on fri?
m going to be late leh.
Hey are we going for the lo lesson or gym?
Okay...
We wait ah
Hey come online!
Use msn...
We are all there
Oh yah...
We never cancel leh...
Haha
K. Did you call me just now ah?
Okay lor...
Wah... like that def they wont let us go...
Haha...
What did they say in the terms and conditions?
Okay lor...
Will they still let us go a not ah?
Coz they will not know until later.
We drop our cards into the box right?
You want to go?
Kay...
Since we are out already
Haha okay...
Today weekend leh...
Haha...
They cant what...
At the most tmr forfeit... haha so how?
Hey...
Why dont we just go watch x men and have lunch...
Haha
Haha...
Really oh no...
How?
Then will they deduct your lesson tmr?
m only reaching tp mrt
m goin to be late
Ya! when are ü taking ure practical lessons?
I start in june..
Hey...
Very inconvenient for your sis a not huh?
m at amk.
Need to drink tea or coffee
Hey you gave them your photo when you registered for driving ah?
Tmr wanna meet at yck?
s on 21 may.
Coz thought wanna go out with jiayin.
But she isnt free
Haha... dont be angry with yourself...
Take it as a practice for the real thing. =)
Haha...
Hope ü can hear the receipt sound...
Gd luck!
Huh? 6 also cannot?
Then only how many mistakes?
Nope...
Think i will go for it on monday...
Sorry i replied so late
Hey..
Something came up last min..
Think i wun be signing up tmr..
Hee
I am thinking of going down to reg for pract lessons..
Flung my advance..
Haha wat time u going?
Hey gals..
Anyone of u going down to e driving centre tmr?
Ok no prob
Nope i waiting in sch 4 daddy...
Dunno lei he neva say...
Ü called dad oredi...
Me hungry buy some food good lei...
But mum n yun dun wan juz buy a little bit...
Dad went out oredi...
Ü still attending da talks?
Then she buying today?
Ü no need to c meh...
m free...
Nope...
C ü then...
Is fujitsu s series lifebook good?
Is toshiba portege m100 gd?
Yun buying...
But school got offer 2000 plus only...
Got fujitsu, ibm, hp, toshiba...
Got a lot of model how to say...
Okie...
Thanx...
How come i din c ü...
Yup i cut my hair...
No wonder...
Cos i dun rem seeing a silver car...
But i thk i saw a black one...
s naughty...
Ü so free today?
Can go jogging...
Ok...
C ya...
m not drivin...
I neva develop da photos lei...
I wan but too early lei...
Me outside now wun b home so early...
Neva mind then...
Ü dun need to pick ur gf?
Okie...
m at home n ready...
Ok...
Dunno lei...
I thk mum lazy to go out...
I neva ask her yet...
Mum say we wan to go then go...
Then she can shun bian watch da glass exhibition...
Dun need to use dial up juz open da browser n surf...
When did i use soc...
I use it only at home...
Ü dunno how 2 type it in word ar...
Can a not?
Juz go google n search 4 qet...
s hostel?
Huh means computational science...
Y they like dat one push here n there...
I not at home now lei...
Eatin my lunch...
Ü takin linear algebra today?
Ü bot notes oredi...
Cos i juz rem i got...
Wah lucky man...
Then can save money...
Hee...
Y so late but i need to go n get da laptop...
Where to get those?
Then cant get da laptop?
My matric card wif ü lei...
I dunno they close oredi not...
Ü v ma fan...
Hi dis is yijue i would be happy to work wif ü all for gek1510...
Ü comin to fetch us oredi...
Got smaller capacity one?
Quite ex...
Ok thanx...
Wat ü doing now?
Got meh...
When?
m not at home in da aft wat...
Mum ask ü to buy food home...
Leave it wif me lar...
Ü wan to carry meh so heavy...
Is da num 98321561 familiar to ü?
s my group mate...
Lucky i havent reply...
Wat time do ü need to leave...
m askin if ü leaving earlier or wat mah cos mayb ü haf to walk v far...
Yup...
m stuck in da middle of da row on da right hand side of da lt...
Black shirt n blue jeans...
I thk i c ü...
Not directly behind...
Abt 4 rows behind ü...
Ü go home liao?
Ask dad to pick me up at 6...
m done oredi...
I wait 4 ü inside da car park...
Yup...
How ü noe leh...
Oic...
I saw him too but i tot he din c me...
I found a group liao...
How i noe...
Did ü specify da domain as nusstu...
Ü still in sch...
When ü login dat time...
Dad fetching ü home now?
I come n pick ü up...
Come out immediately aft ur lesson...
Eh ur laptop got no stock lei...
He say mon muz come again to take a look c got a not...
Ü ready then call me...
Ü still got lessons?
Ü in sch?
Shall i get my pouch?
m on da bus going home...
m walking home oredi...
Ü so late then reply...
I oso saw a top dat i like but din buy...
Where r ü now?
R ü comin back for dinner?
Eat at old airport road...
But now 630 oredi...
Got a lot of pple...
Y bishan lei...
I tot ü say lavender?
Free any day but i finish at 6 on mon n thurs...
I prefer my free days...
Tues, wed, fri oso can...
Ü ask those workin lor...
But we havent got da topic yet rite?
So can collect ur laptop?
Ok good then i later come find ü...
C lucky i told ü to go earlier...
Later pple take finish ü no more again...
Eat jap done oso aft ur lect wat...
Ü got lect at 12 rite...
So ü pay first lar...
Then when is da stock comin...
s ur pin?
Ü collecting ur laptop then going to configure da settings izzit?
Cos daddy arranging time c wat time fetch ü mah...
Juz now havent woke up so a bit blur blur...
Can?
Dad went out liao...
I cant cum now oso...
So li hai...
Me bored now da lecturer repeating last weeks stuff waste time...
m wearing shorts...
Huh y lei...
m eatin wif my frens now lei...
Ü going home first?
Havent still waitin as usual...
Ü come back sch oredi?
No break time one...
How...
I come out n get my stuff fr ü?
Tmr then ü brin lar...
Aiya later i come n c lar...
Mayb ü neva set properly ü got da help sheet wif ü...
I dunno lei...
Like dun haf...
s present ar.
Havent shopping now lor i juz arrive only
Beauty sleep can help ur pimples too.
Up to ü...
Ü wan come then come lor...
But i din c any stripes skirt...
s repent how?
Got c...
I lazy to type...
I forgot ü in lect...
I saw a pouch but like not v nice...
Ok i found dis pierre cardin one which looks normal costs 20 its on sale.
Y ü wan to go there?
C doctor?
m wif him now buying tix lar...
How much r ü willing to pay?
m selling it for $50...
s at home...
Ok...
Thanx...
Gd nite 2 ü too...
Wat uniform?
In where get?
ve finished c ü there...
Never y lei...
I v lazy...
Got wat?
Dat day ü send me da url cant work one...
re done...
Anything lar...
Go where n buy?
Juz buy when we get there lar.
Bishan lar nearer...
No need buy so early cos if buy now i gotta park my car...
Do u noe how 2 send files between 2 computers?
I gotta collect da car at 6 lei.
2 laptop...
I noe infra but too slow lar...
I wan fast one
Dunno da next show aft 6 is 850.
Toa payoh got 650.
Tmr timin still da same wat cos i got lesson until 6...
Wat time ü wan today?
Aiya we discuss later lar...
Pick ü up at 4 is it?
m in a movie...
Collect car oredi...
I anything lor...
Nothin comes to my mind.
Ü help me buy hanger lor.
Ur laptop not heavy?
Ok lor wat time ü finish?
Huh but i got lesson at 4 lei n i was thinkin of going to sch earlier n i tot of parkin at kent vale...
Ü v ma fan...
Ü come lt 25 n pass to me lar
Y lei?
I wanted to ask ü to wait 4 me to finish lect.
Cos my lect finishes in an hour anyway.
Aiyo cos i sms ü then ü neva reply so i wait 4 ü to reply lar.
I tot ü havent finish ur lab wat.
Auntie huai juan never pick up her phone
I not free today i haf 2 pick my parents up tonite...
Ok..
Dunno lei...
I might b eatin wif my frens...
If ü wan to eat then i wait 4 ü lar
How come?
Then ü ask dad to pick ü up lar...
Ü wan 2 stay until 6 meh...
Oh ok wait 4 me there...
My lect havent finish
m done...
Gd luck 4 ur exams :-)
Is ur paper today in e morn or aft?
ll b going 2 sch later.
Oh ok..
Call me when u finish then i come n pick u.
m in da canteen now.
Haf u found him?
I feel so stupid da v cam was working.
I went to ur hon lab but no one is there.
ve already made changes 2 da previous report.
Din i tell u jus now 420
I fetch yun or u fetch?
All e best 4 ur exam later.
s v nice...
m coming home now.
Who u talking about?
Sorry sent blank msg again.
Yup but trying 2 do some serious studying now.
m in e lazy mode today.
ve reached already.
s over..
Dun thk abt it already.
Concentrate on ur other papers k.
Yup no more already...
Thanx 4 printing n handing it up.
Mine here like all fr china then so noisy.
Here got lots of hair dresser fr china.
All e best 4 ur driving tmr :-)
s cutting quite short 4 me leh.
Yup i thk they r e teacher said that will make my face look longer.
Darren ask me not 2 cut too short.
Thanx...
Nothing, smsing u n xy lor.
Sorry lor da guys neva c u in person but they sort of know u lor.
So u wan 2 meet them xy ask me 2 bring u along 4 our next meeting.
Dunno he jus say go lido.
Same time 930.
U know we watchin at lido?
Wat time do u wan 2 meet me later?
Now got tv 2 watch meh?
U no work today?
Then we wait 4 u lor...
No need 2 feel bad lar...
Doing nothing, then u not having dinner w us?
Ok i also wan 2 watch e 9 pm show...
Sian...
Aft meeting supervisor got work 2 do liao...
U working now?
Quite late lar...
Ard 12 anyway i wun b drivin...
Ok but tell me half an hr b4 u come i need 2 prepare.
Then ur sis how?
Ard 515 like dat.
Y?
s e road name of ur house?
I wake up long ago already...
Dunno, what other thing?
We r outside already.
m coming home 4 dinner.
Sorry i din lock my keypad.
Wat would u like 4 ur birthday?
m leaving my house now...
Ok i msg u b4 i leave my house.
Ok i thk i got it.
Then u wan me 2 come now or wat?
He like not v shock leh.
Cos telling shuhui is like telling leona also.
Like dat almost all know liao.
He got ask me abt ur reaction lor.
Yar...
I tot u knew dis would happen long ago already.
I thk u dun haf 2 hint in e forum already lor...
Cos i told ron n darren is going 2 tell shuhui.
Quite lor.
But dun tell him wait he get complacent...
I dun believe u.
I thk u told him.
Yar he quite clever but aft many guesses lor.
He got ask me 2 bring but i thk darren not so willing 2 go.
Aiya they thk leona still not attach wat.
Yup.
Wun believe wat?
U really neva c e msg i sent shuhui?
I like dis sweater fr mango but no more my size already so irritating.
m meeting my fren at 730.
m going shopping on my own now.
Cos my sis not done yet.
Dun disturb u liao.
m ok wif it cos i like 2 try new things.
But i scared u dun like mah.
Cos u said not too loud.
U dun say so early hor...
U c already then say...
s styling my hair now.
m really too bored so i msg u.
I oso dunno wat colour she choose 4 me one.
m thinking of u...
So wat r u doing?
Ok lor.
Msg me b4 u call.
But really quite funny lor wat...
Then u shd haf run shorter distance wat...
ll jus take mrt down later.
What time is ur flight tmr?
Aiyo u so poor thing...
Then u dun wan 2 eat?
U bathe already?
U so lousy, run already come back then half dead...
Hee...
Eh u remember how 2 spell his name...
Yes i did.
He v naughty make until i v wet.
Finish liao...
U?
U can call now...
10 min later k...
m quite prone 2 falls.
Lucky my dad at home i ask him come n fetch me already.
Aiyah e rain like quite big leh.
If drizzling i can at least run home.
s y u haf 2 keep me busy...
Yup next stop.
ll thk of all sorts of funny things.
Aiyah then i wait lor.
Then u entertain me.
Hee...
t c outside.
ll jus wait 4 e rain 2 stop.
ll get caught at e mrt station lor.
m on my way home.
Went to change batt 4 my watch then go shop a bit lor.
Then wat r u doing now?
Busy wif work?
ll jus leave it...
ve got wisdom teeth hidden inside n mayb need 2 remove.
Thanx a lot 4 ur help!
Happy birthday...
May u find ur prince charming soon n dun work too hard...
m wearing blue shirt n black pants.
m ok lor.
s great thanx a lot.
s doing e sms survey...
Hi this is yijue, can i meet u at 11 tmr?
Hmm...
Dunno leh, mayb a bag 4 goigng out dat is not too small.
Or jus anything except perfume, smth dat i can keep.
Eh u send wrongly lar...
Aiyah sorry lor...
I watch tv watch until i forgot 2 check my phone.
Eh sorry leh...
I din c ur msg.
Not sad already lar.
Me watching tv now.
U still in office?
My supervisor find 4 me one lor i thk his students.
I havent ask her yet.
Tell u aft i ask her.
I got to video tape pple type in message lor.
U so free wan 2 help me?
Hee...
Cos i noe u wan 2 watch infernal affairs so ask u along.
Asking shuhui oso.
U gd lor go shopping i got stuff to do.
U wan 2 watch infernal affairs a not?
Come lar...
U sick still can go shopping?
Horrible gal.
Me in sch doing some stuff.
How come u got mc?
Die...
I accidentally deleted e msg i suppose 2 put in e sim archive.
Haiz...
I so sad...
Ok no prob.
Take ur time.
His frens go then he in lor.
Not alone wif my mum n sis lor.
Yar lor he wan 2 go c horse racing today mah, so eat earlier lor.
I ate chicken rice.
U?
Aft i finish my lunch then i go str down lor.
Ard 3 smth lor.
U finish ur lunch already?
Anything lor but toa payoh got place 2 walk meh...
ll reach in ard 20 mins ok...
m watching lotr w my sis dis aft.
So u wan 2 meet me 4 dinner at nite a not?
As usual u can call me ard 10 smth.
U call me alter at 11 ok.
m taking sq825, reaching ard 7 smth 8 like dat.
U can check e arrival time.
C ya soon...
ll haf many more mths to come...
Sorry to trouble u again.
Can buy 4d for my dad again? 1405, 1680, 1843.
All 2 big 1 small, sat n sun.
Thanx.
No need lar.
Jus testing e phone card.
Dunno network not gd i thk.
Me waiting 4 my sis 2 finish bathing so i can bathe.
Dun disturb u liao u cleaning ur room.
I place all ur points on e cultures module already.
7 lor...
Change 2 suntec...
Wat time u coming?
Aiyo, y my dear dear so poor thing...
U neva go out 2 eat?
Wat did u eat?
Me going 4 ice cream now hee...
I come back eat w u lor...
s at 2nd level near tokyu...
ve eaten quite a lot, i thk go back will put on 1 kg again...
Hee...
Then u dun wan me already...
My flight num is sq67...
Yup...
We r at 2nd floor boots...
Then u mus have collected a lot of ang bao...
My dear this is thailand, they dun celebrate chines new year...
Onl e chinese celebrate wat...
Ok lor u gd lor...
U also forgot who ur gf is wat...
So we jus forget abt each other lor...
I havent eat yet...
Jus shopping ard lor...
Neva miss u...
U leh, got miss me?
Ic...
But u din say...
So i thk u dun miss me...
Macs again n always eat without me one...
U so horrible...
N u dun miss me one...
So terrible...
In one of e stores on 2nd floor...
Near e escalator...
U brought ur tut to do...
So hardworking...
Gd boy...
Me alone going 4 luch lor...
My crazy sis dun wan 2 eat...
Left me alone, so sian...
Ok then c tmr can eat lunch tog a not lor...
Dun disturb u liao...
Do ur tut dun thk of me...
Hee...
Yes u did...
Then u going office tmr a not?
U got sch at 9 rite?
My sis ex so irritating keep calling me while i msg u...
Y u scold me...
Aiyo y u so poor thing today...
Wat time ur parents coming home tmr?
My dad said dinner will b ready at 6...
So c wat time u wan 2 come over lor...
t mean it wont break.
Dun put words into my mouth, i din say dat.
No matter wat becomes of u i still wan k.
But dun break e bed.
Aiyar dun crap already lar u.
Say until i hungry.
Can...
Best is u eat until fat fat, haha...
U still come n tell me wat u eat...
U v gd lor...
Then wat u doing?
Bored?
No wonder so crapy...
Cannot u eat i mus eat too...
Can give me e url from e physics tut?
Seating ard e same place.
U want our physics project for ref to do formatting?
ll bounce back.
Cos e other one bounce back..
So i need to check whether u have enough space.
Just now in e canteen.
I got 4 battles in one week, now at least half dead liao.
Ok...
Haiz, still havent finish revising.
This week really very tiring.
Wat is smth?
My paper at 5 on mon.
C how lah...
I think we go lido watch k.
Den u and xyan can go orchard shopping first.
Show still at 930.
Sure or not ok lor.
Who ever free go sit first.
Then c wed or thu we meet buy present.
How come eat so fast?
How come e girls never help u?
I must scold them..
Aiyoh i long time never run liao lor, lucky i only half dead, not totally dead..
U still laugh at me..
Aiyah, see first lor.
I change into my running attire liao.
My place here also a bit dark liao..
Hmm..
Sorry just now i was outside doing some packing..
So wat colour u choose?
Hmm.
How come ur dad suddenly feel like going turf club..
So u alone at home?
Wah so early ah.
So wat u had for lunch?
Yup,i broke e duck to get A- but also get D+, haiz..
Wasted lor..
If e 2 can do better den my cap will improve more..
Wah liao..
I got 2 D+ , 3B+ , 1A-...
So sad..
Overall this time cap improve by 1.1
m at cte now.
Eaten lor..
How come tdy so late?
Den we go toa payoh walk lor.
I was thinking going to popular to buy some folder.
Cos i was thinking if u come look for me den like no where to go ard my area leh.
So good can watch tv, haiz..
Ur poor bf still do need to do report.
Haha..
Cos she noe from ij and nus..
Wat u doing now?
Still eating.
Got free mcflurry.
U leh, going back liao.
Eat macdonalds lor.
Maybe next time i cant let u go back toni n guys.
Haha...
Now having macdonalds at engine, tdy first day opening.
Lect break..
Now very bored n tired.
So how is ur stylist going to cut?
Ok i bought e 4D already.
ll transfer u my 1kg...
I so envy u...
Haiz...
U good lor, i didnt even eat much, lunch n dinner having e same thing.
Think i going to be starved...
Take ang pow n eat lor.
E shopping area open during new year?
Wish u n ur family a prosperous new year, good health and also may e monkey yr bring us good romance...
Yup knock off liao, but i still go a stack of invoices to print...
Precisely, i must pressure u by making myself slimmer, so u will be more cautious...
Anyway i scare later cook too much den i cannot finish...
I doing tut now, so see u tmr lah...
Anyway tmr is our 2nd mth together...
Ok lah, sleep early n gd nite...
Yah...
Going for e tut at 9...
Den afternoon stay in school...
I bathe before i went to e airport...
Now doing tut...
U leh...
My strawberry left not much...
Haha...
Think u dun have e kou fu already...
Ok lah...
I got to do my tut liao k...
m sorry, i didnt mean it.
U give me his num, i go scold him.
Yah, tmr going to school in e morning den go work aft tut.
U crazy ah, dat day tut v diff lor, tdy i went to listen.
I only went for 1 tut.
No time tdy, lunch also didnt eat...
N only left e office aft 7...
Sian...
m doing my tut, wat r u doing?
YA..
Wont lah, even both of us fat also wont break one...
Now just eat shuang only...
Next time den eat lah...
Lousy pig, so easily die...
Aiyoh, so late ah...
Dun fall asleep leh...
Oh i went to citibank at orchard...
Study until i sian also...
So u going back now?
U pig leh, now in arts canteen q for food...
I went cycling then i saw big millian so cute...
Nothing lor juz ask...
Actually u can go earlier to buy tmr...
But muz bring smth else in case ü cant find...
U all r getting lazy...
But no need to go very early wat...
Juz reach ard 12 can oredi wat...
Dunno lei ard 1 lor..
Muz c when my lunch is ready..
My sis cooking tmr...
Hee...
My sis say can reach at da dot...
Where ü keep da tangs voucher?
Dat crazy man has gone mad again...
I forward da messages he sent me to ü...
U mean tomw?
Yup ok.
U got tell leona?
Leona def not going..Sighz..
Confirm with me later.
If xy wan to come along, meet her at bishan mrt also
No.
We goin straight there.
Try to get xy along lah ü i give u a lift no prob
Yup i driving in.
Its 2 bucks a person n per car.
I have bk a hotel rm at rasa sentosa
How r u gonna go sentosa tom?
ll discuss wif xy da time we going down...
U bring outside clothes, then mayb we go shop shop if early.
Wha now already buy dinner?
U got car then why dont u drive?
Anyway i think i not bringing extra clothes.
But duno wat 2 wear.
Thought if we left early go out.
Tell u, shuhui coming later or not coming at all.
I scare wait hor only left e 2 of us.
Yup.
I dont know how 2 explain....
Need something in e server 2 compile e jsp, think unix dont hv.
Else u can try.
U create a folder in ur unix then upload ur file inside.
Then u go 2 t webpage 2 c if u can view it. www.comp.nus.edu.sg/~howyijue/folder name/file.jsp
I dont think sun fire can lor cos u it cant run jsp like t.
Or u can upload 2 e yahoo one first try can or not.
Leona shuhui online?
U hv 2 upload or use tomcat its a program t act as a server offline.
Da one at cine...
But i dunno whether i wan to sign up a not...
Dunno if they got one mth only...
I scared i wun go...
Not dat i dun wan sign up but i wan only for a mth...
Try try first mah...
Then y my sis got 1 mth one...
Haha why suddenly u dont wan liao?
I now feel like signing up, scare stay at home whole all day grow fat.
Dont think they got 1 mth.
Then u still wan go down?
U wan come out later?
All of us going out later.
Join us lah.
Think no more assignment but duno about lect.
Anyway will go to school tomw cos got tutorial.
Should b esplanade t jap restaurant yet but not confirm yet.
U coming?
Yar then can say hi...
Then later can go for dinner...
He like doing project...
Most prob should b.
But in e aft noon.
xy:She acting shy now....
SHe say later go walk past...
R ü all doing project in school tml...
ll be bringing my laptop to school tml oso do project so can do wif ü all lor...
xy:Ok but most prob we come aft 2 cos might be camping in school hee... we in school now
Wow u all so hardworking...u all camping tonite...
Im at pink table ... u finish tut then come and look for me lor ...
Big brother call and ask ah hui out next week!
Yup.
Ur sister t one open until wat time?
Got one near e Hougang interchange.
If duno is ok never mind.
Wat is e nearest mrt 2 SRJC?
Shuhui say go chomp chomp eat.
Then aft t mayb go movie or ktv.
Later she pick me ard 6 then i msg u.
Shuhui asked if later wan 2 meet or not.
Eh i wasnt told of a meeting.
Anyway i got a wedding to attend later.
I dont even know if he is back.
Leona not coming.
I go confirm w shuhui.
If she really not coming then we cancel.
Nope i think we didnt call him. actually i dont feel like coming.
Shuhui no car also.
U think ron b angry if we postpone.
If u sad should say mah, then i will go.
Aiyah actually if u all say earlier then i go out earlier can liao, but now drag till so late.
Tomw i duno leh, ask shuhui go ask ron then she didnt reply.
I helping e pre company do some translation then tomw need give my cousin tuition.
Why sad.
I mean wat he tell u?
He got grumble abt me hee...
I busy lah, but wanted 2 buy wk clothes but now go out w him i also cant shop.
Wait i call him first.
So ma fan.
By e time i go down i think i no need 2 shop lor.
Then both of u all like got company already then i no need go down.
Yup i not interested.
I was thinking e 2 of u go c then i go shop cos like i dont go e 2 of u wont go.
Then now like e both of u outside already then so late.
U w ur sis then still meeting us.
Then if we go c movie then u going 2 c 2 movie a day?
Aiyah shuhui also like t.
Or go ask shuhui lah.
Mayb she no date.
Think more or less confirm.
E movie u can go c w him lah, he like v interested also.
Weekend then c how lah.
m considering liao mah.
I duno, i not v interested in e show n i dont wan go out on both weekend.
Sunday we meeting 4 lunch w e rest right.Ok we meet 5 orchard shop shop eat dinner.
Most prob i b at John Little at 4.30.
2 computers or laptop?
Many ways, infra, link e 2 computers....
What u wan 2 do?
s present?
Time and venue to be confirmed later
Ok.
Got any preference where 2 go?
I reach amk mrt.
Meet u at first cabin.
I wan try nuskin product so he bring me 2 buy lor.
But we meeting ard 1.30 at plaza sing, u ok w it?
Duno, mayb half hr will do. if u busy u can take ur time.
I can chat w ron or go shopping lor first lor.
U lazy gal, i tell ron then he will scold u also hee...
Then u judge urself.
Then wat u need 2 bathe ur dog cant come up or must later?
ü upload shuhui bday photos already?
I wan to ask cw to burn for me so i can develop next week..
Ü
I upload e songs into yahoo briefcase, u go 2 http://sg.briefcase.yahoo.com/, log in using the socfriends account, go 2 folde MP3 2 download
Haha i already try 2 make it 2 a min 2 make fun of u.
Ok lah i will stop it, but if u wan i can call him, think he wk end also nothing to eat.
Shuhui coming?
Good luck 4 ur first n last paper. (^,^) jus few more hours 2 go then u can enjoy already.
Orh..ok lor...tsk tsk...
Luckily i haven ask e gals yet
Ooi before exam i already say i will eat w u right, then u didnt give me priority.
Yest go where so late then come back?
U jus wake up ah?
Now then scold me.
Dont test how i know u so zhong se qing you.
Ü
Maybe ard 6.
Think i stop wk at 5 then go down should be around 6 liao lor..
U had ur dinner already?
She just wont believe wat i said, haiz..
He quite clever can guess him?
Next meeting if they say abt me u must defend me hor...
Hee ...
Later he will say he got see ur sms but u don believe him ok ...
I never say ...
Feel so happy for u ...
Haha he still quite concern abt me.
So gan dong.
Then u suddenly jus tell him u attach w darren?
Then u got ask wat present he wan?
So r u feeling xin fu now
Duno, think they will post in forum tomw lor.
Think 7.30, 8pm lor
Mayb u seen better night scenery out of spore t why u dont find it nice here
Better not lah, he not my bf, cant use him like t.
Haha, i forget abt yest already.
Why, anything special t got 2 tell me??
U all not meeting today?
m using him like t..
U tomw wat time meet lecturer?
A..how come u got receive, thought it didnt send cos it prompt me got server error.
GOt a lot of things to do.
But i sleepy n cold cant think already...
Creative?
He go song brother or else where?
Got test e quality,
So nice go pa tuo still think of me.
Nope at home, didnt go out.
Wha then u video who?
School got so many ppl let u film?
C first lor.
Shuhui not watching w da ge mah.
Do wat?
Dont do lah come me haha...
3 ppl v weird leh.
Both of u 2 gd or bored, why u all go pai tuo ask me go.
Haha ok lor.
Go shop a while then go home sleep lor.
Else i like no time shop mah.
Actually i not v sick but my colleague all encourage me go then i go lor.
Sick lah.
E doc ask me wan or not then i jus take lah.
My colleague still say i wasted take half day only.
I should hv gone yest.
m going shopping now.
Got mc.
Should b ok lor.
I today really not right timing.
Tomw mango or sale.
Think so cos wisma t one they dont let ppl go in they like preparing 4 tomw.
Tomw 10 am u come.
Happy happy birthday.
E last in our group 2 reach 22 hee...
Good luck 2 ur health, wealth, love, studies etc etc...
Me going out w my friend lor...
I should congrat him 4 finally able 2 step into ur house...
K glad t u r back.
My new year ok lor.
As usual, go grandmas house lor.
Today never go pa tuo?
m doing now.
Any of ur friends looking 4 job let me know.
Nothing but v weird lor.
Got another guy can sit w us then he go squeeze w other table.
Cant wait till he do something then i react mah...
Must stop him first.
Eat finish already.
Heng now walking back w other liao.
I think t time darren come pick me he saw, why he dont get e hint...
There goes my reputation again...
Today lunch, e whole team eat together at e coffee shop, then we split 3 tables, end me n him only at 1 table.
C now i hv 2 keep myself occupy by msg u.
Rem t guy i told u last night?
Think i need ur boyfriend help...
Today we meeting for dinner at 730 at crystal jade...
Can u make it and how many coming cos we making reservation
Then u get ur most intimate photo w him then put my face on urs then send 2 me... :D
Another guy...
Should i go use comp 2 compose 1 pic of me n Mr Jin.
Haha...
U tell him i say this, he sure t kind of face n scold me again...
Expected he will know cos u will tell him.
But didnt know its so fast =) but if act as if i got bf also not gd.
Deprive me of other chances haha...
Haha so he know 2 liao...
Ok lah then i dont disturb.
Should b safe 4 now, but later got some celebration thing i must b on e guard again haiz...
I think so too.
Last time i told them i no bf.
Now i must think of ways 2 hint them i found 1 already.
Wat u doing?
I only did once, e proj we did together, so not v gd at it also.
Borrow some books or search online 4 help...
Write urself lor.
Or u employ me write 4 u hee...
Ur project need gui?
Try search e net think should b able 2 find...
Duno not v sure search on e net.
Mayb u try something like net bean or jbuilder.
s okie...
Thk xuhui goin...
Bringin my sis along oso...
Hey pink...
Xin cant make it 4 facial...
But u comin rite...
My sis will b goin oso...
Cos her tuition will end late lor...Wat time wil ur b in town den...
Cos i thgt of watchin how to lose a guy in 10 days oso...
Woah...
So early...Noe all of u watch liao, so i plan to watch alone lor...
My sis oso watch liao...
So i have to watch alone, sob sob...
Dun wan wait 4 vcd, very long...
Yupz...
Watchin how to lose a guy in 10 days at lido now lor...
Cos everyone watch oredi so have to watch alone lor...
Wow...
Kaiez...
Muz show me ah...
When we go sentosa...Haha...
ll take forever to come back...
Ok can...
Ü dun wan to watch infernal affair?
Cos darren say ü considering mah so i ask ü...
s confirmed...
I tot they juz say oni...
Ok then...
Anything lor is she coming?
With my sis lor...
We juz watched italian job.
m in town now lei.
C movie is juz last minute decision mah.
Juz watch 2 lar but i tot ü not interested.
Wat so late still early mah.
Or we juz go 4 dinner lor.
Aiya i dunno...
s ok.
Can ü all decide faster cos my sis going home liao..
Yup ü not comin :-(
He neva grumble but i sad lor...
Hee...
Buy tmr lor aft lunch.
But we still meetin 4 lunch tmr a not.
Neva hear fr them lei.
Ü got a lot of work ar?
I jokin oni lar..
Ü busy then i wun disturb ü.
Ok lor...
m in a movie.
Call me 4 wat?
s meeting?
Do ü noe if ben is going?
Dunno lei ü all decide lor.
How abt leona?
Oops i tot ben is going n i msg him.
s ok..
s da decision?
Then ü wait 4 me at bus stop aft ur lect lar.
If i dun c ü then i go get my car then come back n pick ü.
Ok i juz receive..
I borrow ur bag ok.
Can.
Dunno wat to get 4 her...
Ok.
But i finish at 6.
ll b going out shopping 4 my frens present.
Or i go home first lar ü wait 4 me lor..
I put down my stuff first..
ll finish buying?
Ok...
But bag again..
s yijue@hotmail.com
ll be in da lab doing some stuff give me a call when ü r done.
Anything lar then ü not going home 4 dinner?
When can ü come out?
I havent lei..
Next mon can?
That day ü say ü cut ur hair at paragon, is it called hair sense?
Do ü noe how much is a hair cut?
s da one ü cut ur hair.
s at paragon...
I havent decided whether 2 cut yet...
Hee...
Ok lor but not too early.
Me still having project meeting now.
Ard 6 like dat lor.
I not busy juz dun wan 2 go so early..
Hee..
m not driving today.
Doing project w frens lor.
m not coming home 4 dinner.
Ard 530 like dat lor.
We juz meet in mrt station then ü dun haf to come out.
Ok lor ü reaching then message me.
Happy birthday...
May all ur dreams come true...
s a card on da present lei...
How?
Ü all want 2 write smth or sign on it?
Ü give me some time to walk there.
Ü all write or wat..
Then ü come n pick me at 530 ar?
Thanx 4 sending me home...
Is ur lecture over?
Sorry me going home first...
Daddy come fetch ü later...
Okie..
Thanx..
Will ü b going to esplanade fr home?
We confirm eating at esplanade?
7 at esplanade..
Do ü mind giving me a lift cos i got no car today..
Ü got wat to buy tell us then ü no need to come in again.
s da model num of ur phone?
Hmm thinking lor...
Ok lor...
Sony ericsson salesman...
I ask shuhui then she say quite gd 2 use so i considering...
Ü say until like dat i dun buy ericsson oso cannot oredi lar...
Jokin only lar... :-) depends on which phone my father can get lor...
No need to buy lunch for me..
I eat maggi mee..
I know she called me
s da rest of da project going?
m doing da intro covers energy trends n pros n cons...
Brief description of nuclear fusion n oso brief history of iter n jet got abt 7 n half pages..
Yup i shd haf ard 10 pages if i add figures...
Ü all got how many pages?
s y we haf to combine n c how lor...
I emailed yifeng my part oredi..
Can ü get it fr him..
But i juz remembered i gotta bathe my dog today..
Ok lor thanx...
Ü in school?
Ok thanx...
Take care then...
Oops i thk i dun haf enuff...
I go check then tell ü..
Ü only send me the contents page...
Wat time ü finish?
But i haf enuff space got like 4 mb...
Where r e meeting tmr?
Oh ok no prob..
Huh i cant thk of more oredi how many pages do we have?
Can ü send me a copy of da report?
I thk 50 shd be ok he said plus minus 10..
Did ü leave a line in between paragraphs?
How abt making some of the pics bigger?
ll come online now..
How r ü going to send it to me?
ve finished the formatting...
Can i meet ü at 5..
As 4 where depends on where ü wan 2 in lor..
Ok lor...
But buy wat?
Or ü go buy wif him then i meet ü later can?
Huh so early..
Then ü having dinner outside izzit?
Must come later..
I normally bathe him in da afternoon mah..
ll go.
ll b going 2 sch on fri quite early lor cos mys sis got paper in da morn :-)
Yar but they say got some error.
If u dun drive then how i go 2 sch.
Yup
Anything...
Then u drive lor.
Ok
Wat time liao, where still got.
In sch but neva mind u eat 1st lor..
Hui xin is in da lib.
Where r we meeting?
ve reached sch already...
Can u look 4 me in da lib i got stuff havent finish yet.
ve sent u da latest version of da project.
Ok lar i double check wif da hair dresser already he said wun cut v short.
He said will cut until i look nice.
Shant disturb u anymore...
Jia you...
Depends on individual lor e hair dresser say pretty but my parents say look gong.
U kaypoh..
I also dunno wat she collecting.
s quite sad.
I might go 2 sch.
Yar at e salon now v boring.
Really dun bluff me leh...
U sleep early too.
Nite...
Huh so slow i tot u reach long ago liao...
U 2 more days only i 4 more leh...
Wif my family booking tour package.
s ur paper?
re rite...
U know me well.
Da feeling of being liked by someone is gd lor.
U faster go find one then all gals in our group attached liao.
My phone
Aiyar hard 2 type.
U later free then tell me then i call n scold n tell u.
ll go out w u all lor.
N u still can act so real.
s bad dat all e gals know u...
Wat u doing now?
U horrible gal...
U knew dat i was going out wif him yest n u still come n ask me...
Aiyar sorry lor forgot 2 tell u...
m meeting Darren...
U coming 2 pick me?
Can do lor...
s ok lar.
U sleep early too...
Nite...
Nvm take ur time.
Okie
s ok.
Going 2 rain leh where got gd.
U really pig leh sleep so much.
My dad wake me up at 10 smth 2 eat lunch today.
Yup.
Thk of u oso boring wat.
Nope watching tv at home...
Not going out.
V bored...
Ok set let u noe e details later...
U free on sat rite?
U wan 2 watch infernal affairs wif me n darren n mayb xy?
Same to u...
Ok then u tell me wat time u coming later lor.
I knew it...
U slept v late yest?
Wake up so late...
s my dear doing?
Sleeping ah?
Nite...
Ok.
Me watching tv too.
At home also.
Ok.
I only ask abt e movie.
U wan ktv oso?
I called but no one pick up e phone.
I ask both of them already they said ok.
Then ur physics get a-?
Aiyah ok wat as long as got improve can already wat...
m reaching home in 5 min.
Wat u doing there?
s working tmr a not?
Ok...
Then r we meeting later?
Shopping lor.
Them raining mah hard 2 leave orchard.
Long beach lor.
Expected...
U having dinner now?
s car.
Going 4 dinner now.
U leh?
So r they free tonight?
How?
Izzit still raining?
Thank u!
Thanx a lot...
m touched...
East coast
Left dessert.
U wan me 2 go suntec look 4 u?
U can call me now...
I jus reached home.
I go bathe first.
But my sis using net tell u when she finishes k...
Mum not going robinson already.
s ok...
m not ready yet.
Esplanade lor.
Where else...
m home.
Ard wat time will u reach?
ll noe later.
s ok i wun b angry.
Msg u aft i come home tonight.
So u wan 2 come for our dinner tonight a not?
re meeting at 7 pm at esaplanade tonight.
R we still meeting 4 dinner tonight?
m going 4 lunch now...
Is xy in ur car when u picking me up?
We not leaving yet.
Ok lor then we go elsewhere n eat.
U thk...
Taka lor.
Wat time u wan 2 come n look 4 us?
Xy trying smth now.
U eat already?
We havent...
Then u go back urself lor...
Thanx but my birthday is over already.
Yup i thk so until e shop closes lor.
m shopping w her now.
m going 2 orchard now laready me reaching soon.
U reaching?
Ok lor.
Anyway i thk we cant get tickets now cos like quite late already.
U wan 2 go look 4 ur frens a not?
Darren is wif them now...
Aiyah u did ok already lar.
E nydc at wheellock?
I thk 530 lor.
But dunno can get tickets a not.
Wat u doing now?
I tot u reach liao.
He said t-shirt.
U reach orchard already?
U wan 2 go buy tickets first?
Havent planning to buy later.
I check already lido only got 530 show in e afternoon.
U finish work already?
Is xy going 4 e lunch?
m going 4 lunch now wif my family then aft dat i go str 2 orchard lor.
Play w computer?
Aiyah i tok 2 u lor?
Ha...
Both of us doing e same thing.
But i got tv 2 watch.
U can thk of where 2 go tonight or u already haf smth in mind...
Sitting ard nothing to do lor.
U leh busy w work?
Ok lor.
m not watching w her.
So c u wan 2 watch today or tmr lor.
Then dun wear jeans lor...
Depends on where u going lor.
Ok i go change also...
Ok lor.
I ned 2 go toa payoh 4 a while 2 return smth u wan 2 send me there or wat?
I anything lor.
Jus finish watching tv...
U?
Happy new year to u too!
Havent.
I reach home safe n sound liao...
Ok...
Let u noe when i leave my house.
I finished my lunch already.
U wake up already?
Yup ok thanx...
Do u noe wat time e place dat sells 4d closes?
No my mum went 2 dentist.
s bored wat.
Cos wait outside got nothing 2 do.
At home can do my stuff or watch tv wat.
U having lunch alone?
I now so bored...
Waiting in e car 4 my mum lor.
U leh?
Reach home already?
m not taking any modules but jus concentrating on my final yr project.
m leaving my house now.
Haf u eaten?
Wat time u wan me 2 come?
Jus finish blowing my hair.
U finish dinner already?
Ok no prob...
At home watching tv lor.
ll think of u...
m surprised she still can guess right lor...
How come she can get it?
Should b quite diff to guess rite...
Ok...
Ur typical reply...
m going to sch at 4 if i rem correctly...
Watching tv lor...
Ok lor then we go tog lor...
Jus finish bathing...
Ok lor...
Or u wan me go look 4 u?
Wat r u doing now?
m not free...
Anytime lor...
ll let him noe later n ask him call u tmr...
Did u receive my msg?
Can come my room but cannot come my house cos my house still messy...
Haha...
Jus finish my lunch on my way home lor...
I tot u dun wan 2 stay in sch today...
Yup ok...
Anything lor...
U decide...
m reaching...
Dunno, my dad said he coming home 2 bring us out 4 lunch.
Yup i go w u lor.
I call u when i reach school lor...
Ard 4 lor...
Then u going ikea str aft dat?
Wat time u finish ur lect today?
R u still working now?
ve reached home finally...
U calling me right?
Call my hand phone...
Huh so fast...
Dat means u havent finished painting?
U still painting ur wall?
Ok...
I din get ur msg...
s meeting still on?
s meeting confirmed?
I;m reaching in another 2 stops.
Huh but i cant go 2 ur house empty handed right?
Ok...
Take ur time n enjoy ur dinner...
So gd got free ice cream...
I oso wan...
Same as u...
Dun wan...
Y u dun like me already ah...
Wat u doing now?
Still eating?
Yup...
Y so free?
Not having lecture?
Later when u call me call my hand phone k...
Really he din say...
He only told me after i msg u...
Then wat u doing now?
Ok no problem...
Anything lor up 2 u...
Dun buy anything too expensive...
re not done yet...
Shopping lor...
Wat else...
Wat u doing at ur grandma house?
Jus finished my dinner...
Very full my tummy coming out already...
Happy new year!
ll miss u...
Wat u doing?
Having ur lunch now?
Ard 8 lor...
U finish dinner already?
Ok lar...
Huh really then u coming str 2 my house ar...
U got so much things 2 do meh...
Then u staying in ur office until wat time?
m doing my stuff but jus now do until v sleepy then my eyes close already...
Ur msg woke me up...
Ur office close already?
In school waiting 4 my sis lor...
Me falling asleep already...
ll make u fat hee...
OK lar i dun say anything let my dad cook as much as he likes.
Then i ask my dad 2 cook more tonight...
Wat u doing now?
Yup ok...
I noe, surprised u still remember...
U sleep early too...
U takin bus or drivin?
Yup i eat w u...
My sis dun wan 2 eat...
m in school now already...
Multi-tasking...
Watching tv n writing programs...
U going sch tmr?
Me going at 10...
U bathe already?
Wow they really can buy...
m not v free ok jus dat my hours r more flexible...
s me.
Kind of miss u today...
Reading e papers lor...
Pick u up at arts or wat?
m sleeping on ur king size bed...
Reach home already?
C how lar...
Aiyah, we go out eat first den decide later lah.
Eh how u still want to come out?
Ok i let u noe.
Have u watch infernal affair 2 ?
Want to watch on e weekend?
Xyan is considering.
Where u park ur car?
U come canteen lah.
We eating at science, u want to eat?
Ericsson T610...
Haha u decide to get one too?
Dat nokia 7250i is much expensive.
7250 is abt e same with less features.
U try out my phone again lor.
Haha...
Since when i become a salesman..
Lucky she is wise to get it.
So i think u must be wiser rite?
ll noe wat u really want.
Heehee..
So touching.
U so nice and thoughtful..
I hope i didnt spread e germs to u..
Ok i sent to ur email..
No lah, still not feeling well so stay at home.
Hmm.
Ok den i try it this time.
ll keep waiting..
Once u finish den we go lah.
Ur dad send u lor.
If not i can dun drive den i take ur car.
U want to watch movie after school tmr?
Same place in school
Morn.
Just ended.
ll be driving tmr so see whether u want to drive..
Okie..
Now still doing last min revision. :-(
r welcomed.
Yup.
s gd.
Later i meet u ard 7 k, i wait for my sis to come back first.
How is ur paper?
Ok i let u noe tmr, concentrate on ur paper first k.
So wat will u be doing tmr?
Can i ask u out tmr nite?
s ur preparation?
Gd luck for ur paper tmr?
And remember to sleep early k. :-)
Hee..
Okie..
If he cut not nice i go back cut all his hair..
Nvm tell her i took 4 times to pass, so as to consolate her.
Aiyoh, i dun want my hair longer than urs lah.
U also look pretty wif long hair.
Dun cut too short ok..
So did ur sis pass her test?
Tmr 1 pm..
Why leh, u coming to school ah?
So u have ur haircut?
Wah e paper very diff, one qns 25 marks give to him.
Now going for dinner liao.
Ur haircut not bad lah, quite nice and dun really look gong.
Ok lah rest early if really tired. :-)
Now den reach library.
Got to endure for another 2 days.
Not bad lah, but dun have time to study everything, so some qns leave blank.
Wat u doing now?
Now raining very heavy
Coming over rite now, abt 15 min
ll be bit late.
ll motivate me.
Anyway nvm lah, think troublesome for u too.
U study hard at home k.
How is ur haircut, nice?
So tmr u coming to school to study with me ah?
so fast listen to darren already..
haha.,bet they will cut short fringe for u.. cos they learning how to cut short fringe now..
So fast ah, hmm..
It shld be alright.
Tdy e weather seem not bad, u can bring ur dog out.
Only leona and Shuhui noe me mah.
Lucky e guys dunno me.
Wat u doing now?
Haiz, i got to go down to my dad office liao.
I hope just now didnt give u a huge shock.
Very happy dat u give me a chance...
Have an early nite.. :-)
My area seem ok mah.
Ok i got to go out liao, i call u at nite k..
Okie.
Anything lor, once u ready den u come lah.
Ok den u coming my place rite, u noe how to come?
I oso dunno, or maybe can go walk walk near my house shopping mall like parkway.
U wake up already?
Tdy very cloudy leh, u still want to cycle or want to do other thing ?
She dun believe we are together.
When we confirm when we meeting then we arrange time again.
No lor, she wont let me see.
ll tell her lor.
Wat u doing my dear, i call u after the 9pm show k..
U good lor.
Now i really hungry.
E food there nice?
How can i dun want u?
But now u say i a bit hungry liao..
No yet leh.
Later go office den see whether my mum got pack for me?
Den enjoy ur buffet lah..
Hee..
Just wake up not long ago.
Going to office soon.
So u having ur lunch now?
m coming now.
Den i go pick u at 530.
I msg u before i leave e house k.
I just woke up.
So wat time u free to come out?
I go take a nap first.
Later maybe i meet u ard 5+.
Wat u doing?
Having lunch with ur family?
U bathe liao?
Sorry now den see ur msg.
Ok lah, u reach home den let me noe.
Enjoying ur dinner?
I just had my dinner at home..
So did they tease u?
Yah going to rain soon.
I just reach office, but lucky i drive.
Okie.. just saw ur msg, i watching tv, hee..
Lucky e honey i ate is low sugar content..
I hope u find it just nice.. :-)
m watching soccer rite now..
No lah, she didnt expect us to be so fast, cos they took months to get together.
Wat r u doing?
Shuhui said she only 90% believe.
10% for seeing us holding hand.
She so funny..
Ok.
I call ur house later.
I call u now?
Ok.
I find something to eat first.
I think it is e rain, now make me a bit feverish.
Of course lah, he so big..u at home now?
Aiyah, later i call u.
No appetite to eat.
Just now went running den come back v tired, somemore on my way back it rain..
Wat u doing?
Having ur dinner?
Just now i heard thunder but e sky still looks ok.
Hee..
If really rain den i no need to run liao, i also lazy but no choice have to force myself to run.
I just finish bathing myself.
U do it alone to bathe ur dog?
Done with my sleeping lor..
Later may go for a run.
So where u bringing ur mum n sis for dinner?
No lah, i think i almost done.
Just lying on my bed.
U send ur mum to temple liao iszit?
ll keep thinking of you...
Haha..
So by sleeping can at least hope of dreaming you.. :-)
U still outside?
If too late want me to fetch just call me k.
U reach home den let me noe lah..
U leave ur sis alone at e salon?
So wat time u meeting ur friend?
Never mind lah, i also loud before, now ur turn lor..
Hee..
Wat r u doing?
Still sad ah?
ll give a better one k.. :-)
ll still like you..
Happy 22nd birthday...
May all ur wishes come true, stay pretty all time, successes in ur career, romances fall on u...
Stay happy n enjoy ur birthday...
I go bathe first k.
U got tell them not so loud? so do until wat time?
Quite leh.
Really?
U walking back from serangoon sta?
U alone?
Ask ur dad to fetch u.
If really stuck at mrt, den i see whether my dad car ard i go fetch u home lor.
U still outside ah..
Raining leh, u driving?
Drive carefully k..
U leh, watching tv?
No lah, yest took some photo, den now do some editing and burn into my cd, them complain i never give them e photo dat we took before..
s going to be painful...
m doing?
U leh?
s ur dental appt?
Ok..
Better go back home n rest first.
Maybe can take a nap too.
E whether v gd to sleep.
Run home?
Dun want lah, i dun want u to fall down.
Take a cab home.
Lucky i think u r not always dat free..
Hee..
ll scared..
Haha..
U reaching serangoon?
Ok, i cannot let my dear too bored..
Yah still in office..
I thought how come u never reply me, make me so worried, den i thought u might be driving so didnt want to call u.
m sure my dear now look very pretty..
I dun noe leh, how abt e one at lor marzuki?
Have u check e yellow pages?
There is one gracious pet-boarding hotel (6484 4844) but i dun noe where is e place.
Which one do u bring ur dog to?
I checking for u rite now.
m ard outside looking at other things.
Call me when u all done.
I picking xyan at 5.
So shld reach before 530.
I having lunch with shuhui.
Xyan shld be done at 4.
Just woke up lor.
I just came back.
I go bath first den call u k.
Wat time u wake up.
Tdy i pig again sleep until 1+.
U watching dvd ah?
Bored den think of me lah.
I watching tv lor.
Later going out to buy something.
U leh?
U going out?
Ok.
So where u all having dinner?
I think not going lah, so sorry, dun b angry w me k.
Why lah?
In 30mins , i leaving soon..
U reach home den call me k.
Den u go back first lah.
I go find u.
U call me after u finish ur dinner, den see where am i or i go ur house n pick u.
Shuhui not free lah..
So where r u eating?
Birthday girl...
Now having ur dinner?
Where to pick you? what time?
What time are you ready
ll do it for u..
Reach home liao..
May be a bit late..
Reach ur house ard 715 k..
Think tonite not many show.
We watch tom.
Den tonite we go elsewhere lor.
Ok i coming now.
Not going to town i think, shld hv not enough time.
Wat u wearing ah?
I dun think i wearing jeans.
Later see how lah.
I go change now, call u before i leave.
Den we go out walk walk lah.
I go fetch u.
Finish e part dat i missed yest liao.
U still want 2 go out?
Wat u doing?
Ok i leaving now.
I just reach home..
I go bathe first k, den i call u again.
wat time u leavin? pick me at 9?
Thanx for e food.
Didnt expect u give me so much.
Ok enjoy ur dinner.
Yup.
I pick u ard 830.
Call u when i leave.
I coming now.
Call u when i leave.
Ok i come ard 9?
Den tmr see how lah.
Tmr i may be going to ikea, u want to go?
I got to rush my lab report.
Tdy cannot call u k.
Tmr u going to school?
I meet u in school?
Ok i reach in 20 mins.
U bath already ah.
U still want to come out?
Hee..
I duno u not at home yet.
Maybe c wat time my sis back den i go look for u.
Ok..
So sorry abt dat.
I eat wif u on other day k.
My sis went out wif e car.
Think tdy cannot eat lunch wif u.
Maybe we just go cycling.
Nope what did u sms ?
At e yellow table.
Ok same place n time.
Den we eat outside lah.
U want to eat in school or outside.
I bought newspaper already
Den wat u having for ur lunch?
U going ikea wif me?
So wat time u coming to school?
If u going wif me den i wait for u.
ll be in school to do some work lor.
1pm.
I thinking of u too..
Yup.
She took very long lor, haha..
Aud call me to ask who is my gf..
Dat guoyang go n leak out e news..
Hee..
Call u tmr k.
I go bathe first ah.
I still having dinner.
Let u noe when i reach home.
Haha...
I want to see.
E macdonalds here cheaper.
Yum yum.
Wat u doing my dear?
Cutting ur hair now?
Ok lor, i try to get one...
Like dat i come ard 1.
I come ard 1230 k
Ok u free let me noe, den i call u
Ok just nice i going out to buy for my mum too.
How is ur holiday?
Must have eaten a lot rite...
Let me noe e flight num or arrival time k, if not later i forget to fetch u all.
Me now at my grandma house.
U leh?
Wat u doing?
Where are you ?
m thinking of u.
Ok lah, enjoy ur shopping n ur dinner later.
U ah, u busy shopping n forget who ur boyfriend is?
Haha...
Den i busy eating n forget abt u already lor.
I just had my reunion dinner.
U leh?
Got miss me?
Yup.
Macdonalds lor.
U at e airport already.
Enjoy ur holiday..
ll be there in 10mins
Havent yet.
Think ard 8 plus n eat until 10 plus lah.
Is it convenient if i come ard 10plus?
Wat time u be at home ah?
Gd lor, u laugh at me...
Cos yest do until fell asleep...
Stay until dinner time lor...
U going to wait until 4?
U got nothing to do?
Wat u doing?
Now a bit free already...
Nothing to eat n also no time to go out buy lor...
Poor thing rite?
Huh, so lonely ah...
I think i not eating lunch lor...
In office lor, ppl ask for prices n stock.
U?
Having lunch wif sister?
Bus
Ok den i come look for u...
U waiting for ur sis?
U eating luch wif me?
Wat time u coming to school?
Ok i shall no think of u ...
Haha...
Took lot of phots too...
Just settle down after they come back from airport...
Bought lot of things...
One trolley there den 3 trolleys back...
Haha...
Gd...
Cos u too free rite...
I also got think of u...
I didnt scold u u my dear...
They come back ard 8+ to 9 ...
m going crazy soon...
Den i come ard 530.
Wat time u want me to come over?
For e past 1 week i didnt wash my clothes, den now they come back sure got more to wash, so i just throw mine into e washing machine...
Wash clothes...
Ok dun be angry, i try to keep some away from them den i give u eat k...
Haha...
I also think so...
I keep some of e leafs for u...
I thought u really coming mah...
Heehee...
Remember to bring mandarin orange too k...
Eh u angry wif me already ah...
U come my house eat lor...
Ok piggy
How come u so pig?
Go lor, tdy weather not bad plus tmr holiday...
U eat ur lunch first lah.
Still going to east coast?
Good nite my dear...
U so bad leh...
Call lor...
U more impt mah...
But this match not really interested...
So not really watching...
Waiting for my 12am match...
m watching soccer n reading at e same time leh...
Really ah...
I very bad leh, dun bother abt u...
U leh?
So free ah...
Coming now
Msg u when i leave my house...
Just bring along lah...
U come my house sit first lah.
I pick u ard 530
Orchard?
Later we go watch movie lah...
No lah, my parent sitting at mac drink coffee n read newspaper...
ll get a king size bed...
Haha
Oh now u will dun want me when i become fat...
Now i noe liao
m okay wif dat, as long u want me can liao...
Huh, like dat also cannot ah?
I ate tang yuan just now...
U hungry already ?
U dun eat so much lah...
Haha...
Next time i bring u eat red star lah...
Huh, u havent eat yet?
Me now at chinatown eating...
Just now went to temple...
Den dun disturb liao
Now on my way home already...
Wat u doing ?
Why u dun go back first den go fetch her at 6?
Pay credit card bill for my sis...
Ur sis lesson until wat time?
U had ur lunch already?
Ü wan to cycle...
Wat dessert ü wan...
Haf ü bought ur pants for tmr?
Ok found it...
Thanx...
Watching tv lor...
Ü lei...
Yup rite
m not going..I asked ben to inform ur already
Only u?
I be meeting xinyi at 12 at bishan.
Can u make it?
Tell me ya confirm time later so i can tell ryan n ron
I be there ard 1230.
Ryan,ron n shuhui haven told me their time
Yup...
If ü all r going...
Hey dun need to meet me at bishan.
I come pick u.
I will tell xy.
I also thought so.
Then u still bringing clothes?
U wearing shorts?
Me cant sleep last night.
Ok lor go now.
But if 2 bored we go off.
U need 2 buy dinner back today?
Now 2 late 2 ask her.
I duno leh, i v sleepy now.
I scare only e 2 of us v bored, but already fix w ben liao.
I ask already.
She say she not going so early cos she no car.
Then ryan also duno coming or not.
Xf not coming.
I duno abt ron.
Hey sorry.
Have to meet u at bishan instead as i goin to have lunch earlier.
Is that ok?
Ask liao, he said jus plan 2 stay at e beach, nothing else planned yet.
Then u think need 2 bring clothes 2 change?Haha how u know?
Thought it jus send 2 sms t all.
Wat server u using?
U online?
No need.
s at da second floor...
m ok...
If ü all going then i go lor...
ll buy tmr...
m going to reach soon...
Ü lei...
Ü free tmr...
Ok lor...
Go out walk walk then wun b fat...
Hee...
Then wat time ü wan to meet...
Aft lunch?
Okie...
Then meet at orchard...
U wan to go for pedicure aft school tmr...
Anything.
How about 1pm?
Is it.
Then go down ask lor.
Yup.
U wan go tomw is it.
Which branch u wan 2 go?
So u coming.
Should b at esplanade.
Come lah.
Anyway i msg u later u decide.
We might not b going 2 sch cos our server down, i msg u again.
Should b.
Why?
Yap call u later.
Yup... in front of CoolStation.
Coming soon.
Today four of us need to hand in project so not going lect.
Later i reach sch then call u.
Leona birthday on sun we meeting on fri for dinner u free ?
Yup...She must be so happy now..Ü
we meet at esplanade at 630
Darren saw u then ask me.
If u alone then wan do project w him i can help u ask.
Fine, i jus go home n sleep.
So sleepy.
Fail la...
Wait let me ask her first.
But u got sister mah.
He today not free.
Aiyah u free, jus now wanted go out but thought u all wont b free.
Ok later if she call back then i tell u how.
Thought i msg u.
Cancel lor.
Ok then we cancel lor.
We meet another time w more ppl.
So how he tell u?
I go ask him first, wait he grumble again.
U outside already?
With who?
Shuhui not free.
How?
Ok.
Leona not free shuhui haven reply.
We meet late aft noon, we confirm later again.
Ok.
Hey gals, later u all got date?
Wan 2 meet?
U free wan go shopping?
s Bday..Any suggestions as to what to get for her?
Ü
Nope its salon4hair.
I duno how much.
Call n ask lah.
When u go cut?
U wan go shopping?
Ok fine, seem like u v busy.
If u busy then never mind.
Else u fix e time lor.
We meet 6 at orchard?
Why u at bishan?
Wat time u b done?
Ok.
Then i get ready 2 get out now.
Thank you !
Wish u all the best in ur exams !
s a card.
Jus write some message n put all our names lor.
U write lor.
But dont ask me write wat...
Cos whatever i say i duno how u all will think....
Me n ron meeting 2 go buy something.
U wan join us?
Yup.
How?
He later meeting his friends then e 2 of us go elsewhere lor.
Ok sure.
U let me know where n wat time lor.
Ok lah, like i said u fix e time n place lor.
Sure..Ü thanks!
So wat time n where u wan meet me?
Ok then later i msg u where i am.
We meet in orchard lor.
Where r u?
U drove?
U mean meeting w shuhui n ron they all?
I duno.
U in town do wat?
U ask her lor, i anything...
Anything ..
But i can only meet u all till 9 plus only ..
Can meet 4 dinner then chit chat a bit lor...
Up 2 u lor since u already outside...
Can u make e decision...
Sure i can shop also.
Or u wan call darren also can haha...
But ur sis how?
Dont push e decision 2 me again.
I dont wan 2 make decision today.
I go call shuhui first.
U jus send me a wrong msg n a blank msg.
Wat time u done w ur sis?
Who ask u buy ericsson right...
She reply u?
She didnt answer my call.
Most prob she sleeping lah.
I think i will reach around 5.
Which part of town r we meeting
Never mind lor u go happy lor... ...
So tonight want 2 eat dinner?
If want, i ask the girls..
Give me 3mins i call u in my office.
U wan me call ur house or phone?
Duno lah, nobody tell me.
Why lido?
What time?
Haha...
So wat present he wan?
Really never ...
Darren say u and him together already ...
Izzit true ?
Up 2 u.
Then wats ron reaction?
Sorry ah i go toilet.
Now go home bus a lot of ppl.
U gd lor can sleep
Nothing to buy, this few weeks also didnt shop much...
Wat u doing?
Me so sleepy n bored...
How come ur boy friend so believe in reviews.
Ask him choose girl friend need review or not.
Dont disturb u all liao.
Enjoy!
Oh ok.
Got check e price?
Wat its like?
Cos lazy 2 go out alone some more raining.
U all still there?
Thanks.
Need go temple pray 4 my prince 2 come haha...
When u all wan 2 c?
I v bored ah, u still in school?
Oki
Im free on sat ...
Ok we watch together lor
Yup.
How i wan 2 die...
Tell him he v gd lor.
Thanks 4 his Great Idea!
ll call u all when i finish...
Hey pple...
Cant meet ur to shop, cos watchin movie...
After my movie den call ur to c if ur still ard...
U guys watch liao, u wana watch twice meh...
Not too bad to watch alone oso la...
s so funny...
Enjoy shoppin gal...
Hey guys...
Where r u ?
Where r u now?
I finish oredi...
Sorry...
Cant make it...
m stuck in mango...
Shoppin!
Got less pple izit...
Hey...
Sorry...
Cant meet ur liao...
Gota go...
Meet up again k...
Yupz...
Can...
m goin there later, mayb can visit u...
ll b slightly late...
Still on e bus...
Haha...
Hmmm, meet u at giordano?
Hmmm...
Okie...
ll confirm later k...
When u goin in?
I oso noe nxt month...
Wat day la...
Hmmm...
Tonite cant...
s only a game...
Dun b sad...
Eh...
Wat time u comin...
ll noe...
m goin ikea now w my family...
If got e frame how to pass to u?
Haha...
Hope corinna wont mind...
Huh...
Waffle machine?thk u send to wrong person...
ll just wait there...
m so sorry , i recorded e wrong channel..
Dun b angry k.
Did u ask ur fren to back up...
On my way to sch oredi la...
Hey xin...
Wat time u wanna go tmr...
Hmmm...
Green?
So wat does it mean....
Haha...
Hmmm...
Shant tell u...
Dun wan la... :)
choose a colour...
Just some silly test la...
How come u r near my area leh...
Hmmm, dun thk so, watchin tv...
When will u b back...
Cos we goin to sch at 1230...
s not back yet, we might have to go ourselves, paiseh...
Hmmm...
When u come out den walk right, e area where pple always gather lor...
Hmmm....
I dun mind lor...
But they wont bite rite...
Thk so lor...
Tmr den confirm...
Eh joan...
I go and get frm u at 3 plus ah...
U at home rite...
ll b home tonite and tmr...
m quite free these days la, u arrange e meetin day lor...
ll b free at 3...
Meet at tis time?
So we goin 4 dinner or wat....
Okie...
No prob...
Cya...
Really...
But muz wait very long rite...
So u book ur test date oredi...
Really...
K k, i go back and check...
ll pass tis one...
Hmmm...
Got no movie to watch oredi...
m watchin today....
s on 1st sept...
So long...
ll b havin fun...
Not yet...
Readin...
s a new chinese vampire show, got edison chen!
s movie still on?
Ya...
Afternoon show rite...
Dunno wawa wana watch anot...
Thgt we have to collect some package on 17th if u haven received it...
Haven leh...
So i thk might have to collect myself oredi...
Huh...
Change again ah...
Seems lk my info very outdated...
Gee...
My memory is bad den...
I rem wrongly...
Tmr ah...
Go where...
Oh...
Okie lor...
I dunno how to go there so i meet u somewhere first...
Hey fen ah...
Wat time u wana meet me ah...
I anythin la...
Can sit and tok can liao...
Hmmm, u workin today izit...
So fion joinin us...
s play...
Hmmm...
Okie...
But i cant chat 4 long...
Den wat other movies, alex and emma ah...
I cant go online yet, my sis usin e laptop...
s ticket, c how much to bring...
ll juz cya at three.... :)
s great!
Can drive us ard...
Hey pink...
U got license liao...
Yeah, can drive us ard...
s play today?...If yes rem to bring my ring hor...
Embassy...
Nope...
Y leh...
s life over there...
?
Haha...
Okie...
Enjoy ur first nite k...
Nitez...
Mine is z_ilches@hotmail.Com.
Sis is yijueus@yahoo.Com
Tmr me and xin nd to go sch for qet...
Unless go out in late afternoon...
My sis will drive me there cos she might nd to go sch too...
U wan a lift?
Goin out w wawa tmr?
m handin in e forms too...so after our test den we go and meet em lor...
Ya lor...
Quite scared tmr get blocked, dunno wat to write...my editin lk shit oso...
Cya tmr...
Hi...
Can u arrange a time 4 e haircut tmr at 2?
Ya...
She wans...
But now so late dunno still can arrange 4 tmr anot...
I thk still muz make appt b4 goin dwn...
And nd to tell him we goin oso...
Unless tmr morn den book lor...
Yupz 60...
Mine is z_ilches@hotmail.Com .
U downloadin huh...
ll b bookin tmr morn, u 2 and 4pm oso can rite...
They usually cut lk my sis kind lor, u can tell em wat u wan...
Hmmm, den u thk abt it lor, but msg me k...
Ya ok...
But b4 10 k...
ll have to ask em tmr lor...
Might b able to...
If 2 dun have, 4 ok?
Hey...
I booked liao...
2pm...
So meet u at 145 at clarke quay station?
ve made an appt 4 haircut at 2pm, together w 2 of my frens....
So if in future i want a free haircut, i nd to get e slip of paper from u rite...
Hmmm...
If my frens wana go lor...
Y do u nd so many models...
ll b quite late...
Gee...
s ur first wk of sch?
Happenin?
Izit...
How come so fast got stress liao, haven really start studyin yet...
So which hall u stayin in?
ll b lk u nxt month oso...
U noe miwa?
She stayin in hall three...
s ur roommate?
m goin out...
Gee, dunno my swimmin costume still can fit anot...
ll join u la...
Hey mei...
U goin tmr rite...
Have u got anythin 4 jos?
ll go shop w u tmr...
I wan go far east buy bottom...
Hmmm...
12?
I cant shop too long oso, nd to b home by 4....
I oso wont stay 4 too long lor...
I leave w u lor...
Haha, or menghong is comin to pick u...
Hey xin...
Can bring e book tmr...
Thanx...
I saw hello kitty cushion...
Ard 20 bucks...U wan?
Hmmm...
Okie lor...
Den i buy liao k...
m ok w anythin...
Ok lor...
Meet on mon?
m not goin liao...
Meet on mon can?
Anyway, happy bdae!
Oh okie lor...
I dun mind tmr...
Eh jos ah...
U wana meet tmr?
Mei suddenly say she dun wan go, den i oso dunno ur frens ma...
Tmr confirm earlier hor...
s up...
U meet us tmr la...
Anyway u got ur classmates w u, go a bit extra leh...
Eh jos...
Can confirm oredi?
ll thk where to eat den call me back...
Braddel station lor...
Wat time can u reach?
s e exit on ur right when u come out frm e control...
So 7 ah, dun b late...
We eat at toa payoh k...Meet at braddel station at 7...
m occupied lor...
Meetin meijun later...
So wat have u been doin...
m oso alone now, waitin 4 my fren to pick me up...
s in e matric fair...
Oh my fren said go earlier cos there will b a long queue...
Xin...
Wat time do u wana go...
Ard 10?u wana come my hse there, den can give u a lift...
Hmmm...
I thk 10 lor...
Okie lor...
Cya at 930...
Nitez...
Wah...
Tmr 9 muz reach sch oredi...
Haiz....
So i meet u at 850 lk tt k...
Hmmm...
Okie lor...
Den meet wat time leh?
m reachin...
Hey mei...
U came 4 e talk today?
Oh, e orientation izit muz sign up one?
My frens oso dunno have to sign up one...
Den ur senior noe anyone in e orientation...
ll consider after all e talks lor, c which one more interestin...
I finish at 4 plus leh...
Huh...
I mean e orientation in e first wk leh...
Not majors...
m goin to orchard now...
Den wat colour they picked 4 u...
U still there ah, they take so long...
So did u get ur hall?
He bleached cos he wans to colour it w another colour rite...
Dun worry la, wont b too bad one lor..
Hey xin...
Can i borrow ur charles n keith coupon...
Saw a pair quite nice lor...
But e coupon got any terms n condition anot...
ll consider if i still wan e charles n keith.
s type of hair colour rite...
Aiya, let em get used to it lor, tell em everyone say v nice...
Gee...
m goin to bid now liao...
U bid 4 some of ur modules oredi?
m contemplatin btw toshiba and e fujitsu one...
Goin to take a look at e fuji one b4 i decide lor...
U wan hp one rite...
m oredi on my way to funan liao...
No la...
They ask me to go funan to look at fuji, if i like den email em to place order, it will b student price oso...
s cash and carry lor...
Hey pink...
Izit e fujitsu s series will come to sch nxt wk?
Cos i heard frm xin lor.
I thgt of gettin it but got no loan now...
Den we will still b given student price and loan rite...
Hey how u noe comin nxt wk?
s e plan...
Wat time is ur tuition...
Mayb u can go sch in e morn den afternoon go 4 ur tuition lor...
ll go check now...
Hey mei...
U noe how long will e inauguration last tmr?r u goin?
Oh okie lor...
Cos if got nothin much den i wont go lor...
Okie...
U wana a lift?
Or u wan meet in sch...
s on e mountain, haha, have to check map liao...
s at e cultural center leh...
m a bit confused lor...
Oh okie den...
Cya...
m near sch but stuck in jam...
Haha...
Okie...
Cya there...
Hey fen ah...
So when u free to meet up leh?
Aiyo...
Ok...
If tis wkend u free den can go out lor...
Yupz...
Okie, can...
Huh...
My sch start but i dunno anyone yet, din join orientation...
Lunch at marche or somethin...
Oh okie la...
Oso can...
So c u all at 11 den...will joan joan b comin?
m not sure...
Cos i may not go 4 e rag day...
Y leh...
Aiya...
Den 430 come la....
Oh ya...
5 plus get can?
m goin to sign up 4 somethin la...
Ask Daddy Fetch me at 5...
Haven...
Nearly wanted to buy...
Ya la...
Y...
come at 315...Lect end early...
Haha...
Den where r u...
Ask Daddy fetch me at 330...
Haiz...
They ask me to go back to my department and ask...
Waste my time...
Dunno leh..
Mayb not goin la...
Can la of cos...
She juz c first la...
Not buyin la...
I oso c c wat...
Ya...
Until 415 lor...
Den goin to c laptops w huixin..
s dada doin?
Sleepin?U Wana fetch me home?
Wat time he pickin u up?
U goin home now izit...
I juz started...
ve got a sports bazaar...
m free all e way until 2...
s mon 9 to 10 rite...
But my lect starts at 2 leh...
When r u free anytime b4 2?
Nope..
Still in lect...
Where r u...
Computational science, dunno anyone there...
U muz b in maths rite...
m takin it oso!
Yep yep...
Den we can go lecture together!
Hey xin ah...
Wat time will u b joinin e camp?
ve to meet em at 845, dunno can wake up anot...
Ya...
I reached home oredi...
U comin?
Up to u lor...
I anythin one...
Tt means u not comin liao rite...
Hmmm...
My lect end at 2...
Shld b ard in late afternoon lor...
Hmmm... u send my msg back to me...
Hmmm...Dun have leh...
Y do u nd it...
Oh u noe photographic society got meetin on wed, wana go?
Kaiez...
At left side again hor...
s bdae...
At west coast park...
Pls msg me whether u r goin anot...
U nvr check ur email ah...
Details u have to ask cindy...
We meetin at 12...
s goin...
Thk will send one mail and confirm lor, they lk nvr check whether we booked oredi anot.
ll reply asap...
ll let u change one...
Anyway, sleep early, nite nite...
s no lab session today rite?
Hey...
U called me izit...
Was sleepin juz now.
I downloaded e file oredi, so how, u wan me to print 4 u?
Nope, juz woke up...
Wah, u so late haven slp ah...
Pple stay in hall really slp late.
Kaiez, nitez...
Mine is 4 slides per page lor...
Dunno y he made it so small oso...
Hey...
Gd luck k, a bit late la, but juz woke up...
Hey so later eng at e same class room rite...
Cya...
m reachin soon...
Try again lor, u book e nxt test oredi?
Okie lor...
Cya in class later, save a seat 4 me k... :)
Huh...
How come not goin...
So sad...
m gona b late leh...
Sorry...
m not late afterall...
Hmmm....not sure oso...
Thk shld b at e fst block leh...
My sis said at s2...
Thk muz go early and find...
Hey u wana meet at someplace den go look 4 e classroom...
Mayb at e canteen or somethg...
ll b a bit late...
Cos forgot to take smethg...
s no jam...
Hmmm....
Might recognize her if i happen to c her...
Wow, on e bus oredi ah, sure wont late one...
Okie...
Oh u came frm home, thgt u were in hall.
Cya...
ll b at e corner lor, not e middle...So dun worry la...
Din c ur fren though...
Daddy...
Fetch me together w jue...
I surf net in sch...
m ready...
m comin back...
s ur army life...
So which unit r u in?
ll go and book seats...
I dun have lab oredi...
We r on e right side...
Oh...
I noe oredi...
Sci library, u can print stuff...
No la...
Other pple wld have slam e fone oredi, haha, at least u still entertain me...
Huh...
How u noe?
I din receive anythin leh...
m at home now...
My first lesson is eng lor...
So gd...
Thk i din get in cos haven heard any news frm em...
They sent u an email izit...
Halo...
When r u free to pass me e notes ah?
Hmmm...
But where u wana meet me first...
ve got driving test if she mark attendance if not den nvm lor...
s my only session...
s quite nice...
Oh okie...
Den gd...
Kaiez, msg u later...
s ur nxt test date?
Ya...
Eng exam on e 14 lor...
But eng dun really have to prepare lor...
I wan to get earlier date but so fast no more slots, so horrible...
Ya, i can understand...
Most of my tutors r frm china too, really cant catch wat r they tryin to say.
Thk beta depend on myself...Din c u during lect...
m gona b late...
I dunno...
Haha, she haven reply...
But u noe xin la, she near oso late one...
Start liao...
Goin thru tut...
Where r u huh...
Our tutors not gd mah, so he go thru tut 1.
Oh, he start lect now liao..
Wah, wait 4 who ah?
Oh...
I c i c...
Haha, xin ask u to take away food 4 her, pau or smethg...
Gee, can help me buy packet milo?
Thanx sweety...
Xin said okie...
Huh?
U in macs now ah...
ll cya at e canteen...
ve guessed too...
K la, dun disturb u liao...
Swt dreamz...
s no option 4 it leh...
Ya mine is pdf...
But dun have e icon to choose double...
Hey lien...
U wana me to chop seats 4 u?
m seatin at e right side...Quite front...
Shld b ez to find...
U reachin?
Those who din do e survey still nd to print not...
Izit...
Cos some nvr mark leh...
Oh okie...
They bold e ans, haiz...
Hey rebecca...
Can save a seat 4 me, gona b late...
ve got class on sat...
s u at first...
Cant lor...
Today bz...
U wana go town 4 wat...
m not goin to do it liao cos got test tmr...
Eh jos...
Mei not free on sat...afternoo she cant, den evening i cant...
m comin soon, gota wait 4 my sis first...
Hey suying...
Did u have ur lab coat w u now?
Cos my fren nds it...
Haha...
Ya lor, carryin everything ard...
E brownie oso haven eat yet, no time...
s no?
Did she change?
Huh...
Jokes, okie,so weird...
U enjoy ur day too, so gd can go back oredi...
I oso dunno lor...
Cos mei seems quite bz...
Mayb e following sat perhaps.
Actually wkdays oso can lor, 4 dinner...
Hey mei...
Thanx 4 e gift...Muz tell me when u free ah...
Den can go mum mum together, dun wait till hols la, still far...
Hey pinky...
E flowers frm ur mum huh, very nice leh...
Ya, help me thank ur mum hor...Gee, e brownie very nice oso...
Oh..
Okie, but y muz mail to e lecturer oso...
Dunno leh...
Ur feel lk eatin wat?Hmmm, geylang?
Can eat beef kway teow and frog porridge...
Hey pple...
Do ur wana watch movie tonite?
Hmmm...
Can watch wu jian dao...
Others oso can la, c which ur prefer...
Hmmm...
Shld b lor...
I go bk check newspaper...
Okie lor...
Help me pass e msg ard k...
Haha okie...
U haven tell em change time rite, den dun nd msg em...
Hmmm...
Now dunno where liao...
On expressway now...
Haha...
Okie...
Luckily i was napping juz now, if not really go online liao...
m trapped in e jam now.
But reachin soon...
m sitting at e back now...
Ok...
Aiyo, y so many pple skip lect...
Pink also...
m not goin liao...
Gota study for my test...Gee...
m in e car liao...
Cant send u...
s e test period...
So where are u studyin now?
Doin wat...
Hey pink...
How much does ur calculator cost?Mine spoil liao...
Opps...
Sorry reply so late...
I did until 5, e rest not sure how to do...
No la, gota prepare 4 an oral presentation tmr.
Hmmm, mayb fri?
For lunch or smethg...
Okie...
But i haven reach yet, dunno still got seats anot...
Pinky not comin oso...
Hmmm...
Ya, dun thk so...
Raining lor, not very convenient...
Opps...
Wrong msg...
Haha...
So 11 can?
m only free b4 12...
Hey...
Lien can only mk it after 12, but i got lesson.
So mt other day or juz u n me?
Oh okie...
Den tmr after 4 lor...
Dunno weiyi got lesson not...
Hmmm...
U reach oredi den wait at e canteen can?
But rem to give me a buzz...
Hey weiyi...
Tmr meet u at 11?
At arts?
Hmmm...
Thk can go la...
How much, 15 izit...
I asked my frenz but they dunno yet...
I go w u la...
Haha...
Okie lor...
If i cant get any frens den i wont go liao...
s bash only...
ll rather watch tv...
Den y u not goin...
m not goin too, got tests nxt wk oso,my tests is nvr ending lor since sept, haiz.
Okie, jia you!
ve got tests everywk since sept, haven stop yet...
So no diff la...
m nt goin too, nobody pei...
Oh...
Eh haven say wat u nd leh...
Hmmm...
Shld b can la...
Got any buses?
Hey gal...
Do u wana go to e museum tmr for our assignment...
ll join u and rebecca lor....
Hmmm...
Wed after our test?
Dunno one hr enuff not...
Okie...
Cya den...mugging 4 test now, so sian...
m out 4 dinner liao...
Haha, bt i recorded it.
Oh ya, can i borrow ur tut 5 for stats tmr...
Where r u now?
I haven reach oso...
m oredi on my way to e class liao...
Hmmm...
Haven reach yet...
Shld b e same place la...
Hey fen...
Oh my, u r in a relationship?
Nvr tell me...
s confirm goin izit...
Den ok lor...
Will there gona b any programmes tt nite?
Hey serene...
I wont b goin 4 e tut tmr...
Haven do e tut yet, was studyin 4 my test lor...
m not attendin e stats tut tmr...
Gee, goin to e doc cos of my rottin hand, partly lazy oso la...
Ya...
Told her liao...
But anyway e lect is quite empty lor, last wk still got lotsa seats...
Haha, everyone pon...
Oh...
Okie, u send me his no lor...
Den i discuss w him first...
Haha...
Ok ok, we all pon...
Pink nt goin too...
Ya...
She really wana help her fren sell e tics lor...
Thgt of helpin her buy la...
U wan den we go together lor...
So sorry...
Can send me again...
Lost it...
Hmmm...
Not sure too...
Have to ask weiyi first...
m goin but forgot to bring e marking sheet...Hopefully wont finish today...
Huh...
U serious of poning ah...
Deepavali not nxt wk meh?
ll present nxt mon ma.
Den was wonderin how come not on fri lor...
Okie...
A bit messy though...
Cya...
Okie...
Den do u nd my tut?
I juz reach...
If u r still ard after 4...
Thk u end at 2 rite...
Hmmm...
I dun mind publicity lor...
Haha, dunno oso...
s quite late until 7...
K la, nvm...
s so late lor...
Hmmm...
Thk not la...
Quite lazy, gee...
Oh ya...
Forgot to tell u i wont b goin cos yest managed to finish...
Gee, paiseh...
So Cya at lect later...
m not goin tmr will u still go?
ll mt u all too...
m nt wrong...
m goin...
U dun wana go ah...
m makin cookies 4 u now liao...
s dietin...
Ya...
Okie, both of us goin...
Wat time?
s ur add?
Thk my dad will fetch us to ur hse lor...
Haha...
Okie...
Hope u lk my soft cookies...
U ah really a bad host, nvr entertain ur guest...
m studyin in e lib now...
U wana come?
Hey...
I upload e pics oredi...
U can go check ur mail...
Hey give me ur full mail add...
Dun wana b wrong again...
s y reply fast lor...
Hmmm...
U replied oredi ma, i invited u liao...
Hmmm, wat show...
s nothin much today lor,i was late too, she.Yupz cya in e lib...
Opps...
Did she...
I dunno leh...
Was late...
Wat time will u stay in lib until?
Mayb can go find u after my lect...
So fast got ur results oredi ah...
Aiya, work hard nxt yr lor...
Ok la,still hanging on...
Mugging 4 tests lor...Wat abt u...
Haha, okie...
Naughty gal ah...
Now i oso dun feel lk goin tmr liao...
m not goin lor...
U goin?
s exam?
m tryin to understand too...
ll b goin tmr lor...
Ya ya...
Saw e mail...
But fri cant collect leh, not goin to sch...
Haiz, have to tell her abt it...
ll mail her den...
Yupz...
Can send to me, dunno y i cant access...
Thanx...
m goin...
But mine is incomplete lor cos i din go last wk too...
I nd to copy frm my fren first...
Haha ok madam...
Eh den u wont b eatin lunch rite...
Hey pinky...
U forgot to take e notes frm me...
ll meet in class liao...
m gona borrow frm her tmr...
s bdae..
who wanna go for pyjamas party tmr.. at cine, movie marathon..
Clementi so far...
I lazy go leh...
s wed 10...
Yupz...
Cya tmr...
Do u nd me to bring anythin?
But dun worry...
We can still meet up often...
So r u still plannin to go uk?
Haha..
Okie...
Juz hope he wont come tmr...
I wont b so unlucky one...
Hiya, cya tmr den...
Oh...
E site is not ready lor...
Nd some time...
Gee...
Hey cindy...
Wat time will we go back on sun?
K...
No prob...
I wan to c e fotos...
ll b late leh...
Sorry...
Hey hui...
So which fac r u in?
Yupz...
Hmmm...
My sis is there, haha, she might b ur mentor...
Gee...
So wat will u b studyin there?
m goin sentosa...
Paiseh...
Hey darl...
Din kiss me gdbye...
Haha...
We went to pub n tok...
Too bad u not here..
Yupz...
Randy n andrew bought drinks...
Okie la, not many pple over here...
Mayb...
Taste lk coke...
Wa, u noe all e drinks ah...
Nope...
Cos nobody wans to join her...
s gettin quite borin here, nothin to do...
Nothin la...We r juz lyin on e beach, starin into e sky lor...Lien is asleep liao...
Erm...
E rest lor...
But terence left...
Den rudy came...
Wa, he really slim dwn a lot lor..
s in army, of cos lose a lot of weight la...
U c n u will noe lor...
Ya..
Of cos la...
Haha...
s ur posting...
Oh i got into nus sci...Still awake at tis hour?
m sorry if we have nt been sensitive...
s nothin wrong lor...
N said sorry if we r too insensitive lor...
s nt angry w his bf since he came to pick her yest...
s angry w him yest ma...
Thk they quarrel or somethin...
Hey...
U here oredi?
Ur car no is 3...
s e same instructor but diff car only...
Kk, cya after lesson...
m in nus sci...
ll try n help...
Cos her bro quite bz one...
But u muz tell me wat u wan to noe...
Easier 4 me to ask...
hey xin, my fren got qns 4 ur bro.
Com eng is more on hardware or software...
Do u nd any computing knowledge b4hand?
Wat do u study abt in tis course...
I msged my fren liao...
Pendin reply...no nd to treat la, small matter only...
s ur postin?
Oh...i oso feel lk changin leh...Wana do either arts or engine...
Okie...
No prob...
Take ur time....
Thanx anyway...
s a guy, wans to noe more abt it lor...
Haha, seems lk u ask beta...
s bro ans quite curt...
He said both, hard n software.
No previous knowledge.
Opps...
Send wrongly...
Gee...
s over liao...
Oh...
U oso have 2 lesson today ah...
Haha, shld have thgt of e fact tt i followed ur schedule...
Hmmm...
Try to tell me asap k...But i cant only meet u after 630...Cya...
Hmmm...Cant really confirm but shld b fine w me...
But i can only make it 4 dinner...
Got drivin lesson today...
Oh...
Icic...
So gd, can watch movie.
Wat show...
K la, den pass u on wed..
Hey...
So tonite still meetin...
m at tp mrt now...
Where u wana meet me...
m reachin in 5 mins...
Opps...
Cant...
Have to meet after 6, nd to send my dog to hotel...
Okie lor...
Sakae at wheellock hor...
Hmmm...
I dun mind meetin still lor...
Tmr...
Hmmm...
Free after 630...
Opps...
I meet ur at 7 k?
Got drivin...
ll sure b late lor...
Sakae rite...
Hey weiyi...
R u goin back to sch to collect cert tmr...
Can i meet u to get my pouch...
ll b leavin on fri liao...
U workin tmr?
Okie lor...
Hmmm...
Ard 645?
Hmmm....
Mostly clothes n accessories lor...
Haha, wat else can gals buy...
We r at mbk oredi...
Where r u?
Mum ask u to cum n eat bfast at 930 tmr morning...
U got da msg?
We r at tokyu lor...
Bring tissue paper out ok...
We use up oredi...
We r at level one...
U come and meet mummy 4 breakfast ah...
s inside oredi...
U go in...
We comin oredi...
Meet u there...
Halo...
I juz reach home...
Ur msg came juz in time...Hope u had fun...
Nitez...
Hey xin... u wan to go 4 revision b4 e test...
Haha...
Ya, came back yest....
Yeah,nel can use oredi...
Can take mrt home...
m not sure too...
m out too, if not can check e net...
Hmmm...
Can lor...
So i cya there...
m havin dinner now...Later den i go k...
Huh...
Really ah...
Hmmm thk can la...
But i dun have square table to play mahjong leh...
Oh...
Den 130?
Hmmm...
E busstop near my hse?
Can take 133...
We eatin duckrice tmr...
Haha, at toa payoh...
Hmmm...
Can lor...
Den might as well eat in town lor...
All meet at orchard den...
Thk town shld have duck rice...
Hey...
We r still meetin at toa payoh rite, 1230...
Me reachin soon...
Basic dun have...
Only advance...
When she wana meet up...
Daddy can help me buy harry potter book, if u pass by any bookshop...
If cheaper den 33 dollars den buy...
Hey...
We comin home liao...
U buy harry potter oredi?
Haha...
Thgt of goin tmr, thk will b as crowded too...
So ur din buy anything ah...
E title of e book is harry potter and e order of phoenix...
Got den buy lor...
I realize our jazz instructor is a dancer frm channel 8...
Thk i saw her dancin bside jolin tsai...
Wooh...
Wow, so early wake up ah...ya ya, i wana join lor...
ll miss u...
Haha, enjoy urself la, dun torture urself eat all u can...
Hey gals...
Ur still wana go 4 facial tmr, e gal din call me, i dunno still on anot...
Wawa...
Noe u gona kill me...:( I recorded e wrong channel...
Did u ask ur fren to backup?
Ya...
Ate long ago...
Now at starbucks...
Not bad la...
Got one pocket at e side...
Army green and black oso got lor...
27 bucks...
I saw e kind of 3 quarts pants u lk in metro...
Where r u all now?
Eatin?
Ya la...
E academy la...
Can, neva specify who wat....
Can...
He gave us namecards, juz say u r his model can oredi...
Yup da xf folder rite...
U go tell him urself lar...
He wun noe where 2 buy oso...
On da train...
At clarke quay...
s angels.
haha eh i watched twins effect liao lei
s this tube she likes frm mambo..41 bucks..
Okie..
Juz to inform u..
Abit late but ha.
Nvm la.
Going back at 615.
Is it still raining?
Bought the guava snack for you during lunch...
You want me to meet you outside instead?
Ok.
But not in the mood to work!
Heehee...
s eat at abc mkt.
Need to go home after that.
My house.
I will meet you back at our place first after work?
What time?
Sure dear.
Go meet up with your friends.
I have things to do too.
Yes.
Call you after i check in.
Ok?
Enjoying your dinner?
What are you having?
Had pineapple just now.
So not hungry...
Still waiting for my sis while chatting with ivy.
We are discussing abt jessie.
t say hi.
Had your bfast?
Think today started off well...
Boss coming in late .
What r u doing
Sorry for the late recently was busy
s ur interview?
also how 2 create?
password
If i use his account wil the bill go 2 him or i apply 4 my own is better but how?
Oh ok...
hey how are you
hallo u free tmr???
no motivation liao ... fall asleep at my desk jus now ...
don think abt it liao la ... its an accident ... be more careful next time lor ...
erm.hee.. u reply me liao ...
hehe .. will let u noe once we decided ...
Phew...
We finally got in...
U got work on next wed?
Brother, not free for pool tonight.
Next time..
K..
You want to be my boyfriend?
I will do anything for you!!
XOXO
yeah... yeah...
I really love you!
what you doing now?
hello, yijue
gd nite.sweet dreams
I confirm e time again, yuan wil b in sch cos she has meetg at 10.
Yeyi should b coming 2
Eh i think i am free on mon nite...
I will confirm with u asap k?
gd nite 2.was abt to msg u.sweet dreams
Ok thks!
Actually i m free tmr except evening.
Looking for a fren to go out wif, need to talk, feeling low haiz...
U free?
Yup am ok actually...
Jus need to let it out as usual...
Its ok tell u nxt time. have a nice week end
nitez
Wat abt ur friends, can borrow from them.
Ok wish u gd luck shopping then tonight then tell me if u got any nice stuff
Wha tomw going 2 bring so many kids out.
Actually need 2 buy shoe n white shirt 4 my ceremony.
Next sat we c how, c if t gal free or not also.
Hmm...if got 1 person cant make it then no point lor
remember to bring the bikini tmr
the t.shirt design got blue color, and the t.shirt is blue
ok, change all the black color iin desin to white
im on the way, reaching in 20 minutes
i will come at four later
hey, we are meeting 645 at airport terminal one to send xiang mei off
Oh, i sent you the url liao yesterday
wanna meet on saturday for dinner? after tat can go zoukout if u all wan
Ok no prob have a great weekend!
do u have white tube, i need it for video shooting
meet u at 7 at mrt station control
nite
dun think i will be going school tmr, but herman is going to buy notes, maybe u ask him to go wif u
i wake up already
its sunday 6 at suntec
Hi, how r u?
u dun have to pay me..:)
gd day! gd afternoon.
Thnks for cuming for our convo.
C u!
Hey is it alrite each person 15
Cash voucher cos she will not get an allowance for the first month
hey, thanx for helping me today.
have u call singtel already?
i think its terrible. the curls r small.
dun worry, its will lossen up after a few wash, at least urs is bigger than mine. dun worry lah
hey, can send me the photo again, i get my mms activated already.
yo yo, send again lor.
e last one i watch was the one i watch wif u
ll go find u after 2pm ok? where will u be?
e book sold for 18 dollars
s angel
i will be at home already. i meet u tomolo lah, will be free till 7pm.
on mrt, u in school already? wan eat breakfast together?
wru?
when can i meet u ? will be at south spine till 330
can sell e book. how much u wan sell?
Ok...
Do you mind cooking?
Or wld you prefer i cook?
No prob, take your time.
OK.
Call me once you get here.
Going to therapists place now.
Will enjoy the nap later...
Hee hee.
Coming down now.
In the cab.
Be there in 15 mins.
2320hrs
Seen doctor yet?
How are you?
Making fish porridge for you tonight...
Ok.
Make sure you wash your mouth when you reach office...
Have a good day at work..
Loving you.
All done?
Good.
Have a good day dear...
Remember to brush teeth ok...
Ha ha..
Dinner with mom postponed to next week.
Very busy today.
Think i will have to work ot everyday after today!
Sob sob...
Will be home by 7pm.
Have dinner together?
You wanna go for a run?
Goes to harbourfront?
Then i will get on the bus.
Ok.
Call me when you are approaching our bus stop.
see you tomorrow
where are you now
Go home?
Zhu
when will you be home
Where are you?
Will you be home
Taxi
10 minutes
go
Bus stop
I am hungry
Just ask you i am still at airport
online
I just transfered 425 to you
what time is the show
So u going or not?
where are u now? want supper later?
Can return me 100 this month?
Can remind me tomolo....thx
In the cab now, shld be back in 10mins.
Ok.
See you at home.
Working late but not as late as you.
Hello dear, had lunch?
Think i am working late also.
Just want you to know i am missing you. ?
Are you working late dear?
Not rushing you, take your time.
Not going out tonight...
Still dizzy so i want to get some rest.
Where are you now?
Meet at home first?
Going home soon?
Are you at little india still?
Can pick you if you are leaving soon...
Have arranged the tuition to 6.
So i will only be at nus ard 9.30pm.
Get some food during lunch for dinner.
Will get a snack for you later.
t taste as good as those you made...
Well at least we had bfast!
Enjoy your day dear...
Love.
we talk so much for the first time. nice time chatting wif u . thanx for ur support. i see u on tuesday.
we at level four, near window.
hey, we where do we meet?
hey, can u check for me if the unused tickets area wif u ?
partner, just remind u we meet 1130 at hotel
miss, when r u free? we meet for lunch n return u the ten dollars
hey guys, be reminded tat we meet 1030 at library
sorry i will be late. oversleep. will be rushing, reacg around 11. u all start discussion first
Wanna go out?
League of exraordinary gentlemen tonite?
where r u?
u all reach liao bo?
Raining.
Can help me bring umbrella?
Got caught in the rain.
Waited half n hour in the bus stop :/
730 Parkway Megapool?
hey guys, free this sat for ktv?
t get replies from me later.
Hug you back...
Call me when you are done...
See you at home then.
At tiong bahru now.
Miss you too.
Just had lunch...
Please remember to bring the tickets...
What time will you reach?
No lunch here.
Hungry...
Can you grab me a sandwich?
Get one more.
Thanks dear...
Good.
Have a good day dear.
Nope.
Just clearing my emails...
s my dear dear dear?
Working late?
Will prob work till eight tonight.
What abt you?
Dear email is down.
Sms me ok?
Verytired, going to sleep more..
See doc later.
Going for lunch soon and then to the doc.
Being back your shirt from work.
Poor gal :(
Ya la.
He noes la.
When r we metting?
Den got wat?
Hey where r we meeting for dinner tonite?
I wan to go clementi buy books...
U wana come?
Wat time we watching show?
u are e halal food specialist haha
hey, will u be in school tomolo? i get the notes from u
Hi, i need to confirm the appt today before i go.
So pls call be back ASAP..thanks
Helping Yijue...
Lunch?
Me coming
I am outside.
Forget which lab.
Any course today?
Check your account
Jiao zi?
Lunch
Finished already; going home now
re meeting at 11am at pink tables for 4253.
Can you make it?
my email: cheoklet@pacific.net.sg Do send me the pictures! hugs.
Oh....
Ok then...
So 11 at pink tables...
s late...go to sleep..cya around
Thanks!
Are you ready now
IN A PARTY WITH OUT SPONSORSHIP FOR WARNER BROTHER
ON THE WAY BACK ALREADY.
I TREATED MY MUM DINNER AS WELL.
DID U CALL UR MUM TODAY
Yes.
Went to the bank too.
Super busy...
Dear, missing you...
s your progress?
Have a good day.
t worry...
s research?
Work hard darling.
See you at home tonight.
What do you want to eat?
Will be there in 5 mins.
Can i get you a fish burger from mac donalds?
Very pretty day!
Going for tuition now.
Found your card?
Will finish 6+.
Call you then.
Finishing 5+.
Not 6.
Call you later.
hey, i will be late for school, can u help me take notes.
u not coming to school today?
12 meet can a
we meet sat morning 1030 at china town mrt to eat berakfast
Hi,so can find e place?
ok.Thks!
Are u free today?
Hi gal,so u stil wana meet?
Why u always msg so late 1 hehe.How abt lunch tm?
Oh ok.Cya tm then.
hello, when will you come here?
Dinner
Sorry, i made a mistake, EF-2000 is typhoon.
I will not be available next week sorry
hi how are you doing today?
Mid-terms coming right?
hello how are you.
I am going to orchard road now, see you.
Still a little sleepy. ?
Work hard, my diligent boy.
Love.
Running abt getting food for the party...
Enjoy your lunch dear.
Kiss kiss...
What time you going home?
Eat your dinner ok?
Going back to gillman.
Call me when you are on your way home.
Here yet?
Sitting next to the fruit juice stall.
Shld be there in 15 mins.
In cab now...
Preparing fried rice later.
Save some for my dear dear...
Work hard ya! ?
t worry abt coming home early.
Not expecting you to.
Take your time.
? loving you.
Always my cutie.
Kisses kiss kiss kiss .... ?
I love you too. ?
chelsea will win... give ball lah
CHELSEA losing by 2 goals already... finished already... end of the match...
Have dinner then.
I had a snack.
Quite full so will have something light later.
Please eat your dinner first ok?
Just had lunch at mac donalds... ?
730pm?
What time will you reach here?
Or do you want meet in town?
s eat out later.
Just come home after class.
Love love..
Depends on what time you leave office and what time we can meet...
Almost done here.
Should i go home first?
t rush.
Ok, see you..
Will come down now...
Ok.
Still busy at work...
In cab, call you when i am nearer.
s in the vegie compartment in fridge.
You
Go to @hibiscus at the turf club.
No.
Already got your ticket!
s my dear?
Had your chicken porridge?
Had lunch?
Went toa payoh for lunch just now.
Had western food at food court, was ok...
Miss my dear ?
Should be done by eight.
Pick you up later...?
where are you babey?
u where?
are you at home?
huh ???
sure
let me see
oh ya babey
did you find your wallet?
tired!!!!!!
hix
:@)
the tutorial tomorrow is cancelled
m comming
Oh sorry....I cant make it :)
Alrite have a gd rest!
Wait there at the gallery.
Will find my own way.
Yes dear.
Wat abt you?
Ok.
Still busy...
Le me know what time you will be at city hall.
Ok.
See you 8.20 at the station..
Eating bread...
Call me after your meeting...
s my dear?
Thank you darling...
Come home first.
We eat out later.
t worry abt me.
Have a productive day my dear. ? love you ?
Ok.
Going back soon...
Stomach still feeling bad.
Hello dear dear, having bread and feeling much better today...
And missing you as usual of course! ? thank you darling. ?
At work already?
Dinner?
Busstop 530
Sending a hug and kiss to my dear dear telling him i miss him...
Hope you day is great! ?
Oh ya...
Was for maybelle..
Sorry.
815pm.
I love you dear.
Not joining you, buying from coffee shop.
Send my regards.
Thanks for letting me know see ya.
t there?
Tell them no cab space! ?
How do you address your grandfather?
Good nite dear...
Dear, light the mosquito coil and leave it burining overnite in the living room.
exam coming, work hard
ai ya, die.. haven really start revising
Good morning.
Was asleep when you sms.
You must be tired having slept so late...
I am good.
Missing you a lot..
Good day!
Love and kisses.
Love you baby...
Have lunch?
Just finished mine.
Going grocery shopping with ivy for the office.
Want anything?
Was going to the bank.
So wanted to talk to my dear.
Nothing much.
Talk to you later.
At office already.
Not lunching with you.
Have a good day at work.
Love.
Busy...
Have a report to rush.
Ok.
Going karaoke later...
Nite baby.
I love you.
Sleep well.
Eating bread.
Had yours?
Enjoy your day.
Hi dear.
Having a meeting?
Call me if you are free now...
Be there at 1115pm.
Thanks for you info.
Nitez
Wat time coming back?
Dinner??
At home sleeping.
Feel ok.
My house.
Going to the post office to pick up my mail.
Still feeling drowsy after the medicine.
A little hungry...
Where are you?
Out for dinner?
Yup.
Feeling ok after lunch.
The rest went out for long lunch.
On my way home...
m missing my dear...
Sob sob... ?
Having bread.
What time did you finish last night?
Slept around 1030.
Hope you are feeling good to work today...
ll do fine.
Hug you. ?
hi, come back home now
wat time?
where r u now?
How is wk today?
Gd luck!
i used to have a job. i got paid every month. in addition, accomdation and food are provided for. but lately, i got retrenched. im jobless now.........
m the first one..
Hi!
Yes had a good session at the gym
come to the deck we are leaving hall in five mins
Ok cya at the deck then.
I will be along in a little while.
hello, wanna have dinner now? we are going to the non air-cond canteen. meet u there!
All the best!
wat do u wanna noe?
Wasshup bro~!
U want to play wif me today ah?
Wahaha...Dat means u can concentrate on ur studies..
Why u going to sch?
How do u know?
Coz i miss u..
U try call me
m going back too... tks... :)
So sorry bro, will be 5 min late... am on the MRT right now.
hi i may have smthg on at ten...
Can i call u later?
Are you coming
ok. thanks
Can we meet at 3pm?
I am sick.. going to see a doctor
I think 3pm today would be good.
I just transfered 777 plus 77 plus 7 to you.